I am angry
I am very angry
I am very very angry
When I was driving home after  several days of hard work
When I was talking to HIM at a party for the first time in a long while and a friend came and interrupted us and HE left.
When I had been obviously unjustly treated and had no possibility á of elucidating this.
When a car is overtaking another and I am forced to drive off the á road.
When one is unjustly accused of something one has not done.
Friends who torture animals.
When my partner was attacked and lost three teeth.
Unjust accusations directed at me and my way of acting
When I heard on the radio that the football match in Belgium had á ended in a catastrophe
At my Summer job
I locked myself out.
At work
Mad at my dad.
When someone stole my bike.
When friends try to put me down or hurt me.  
When my boyfriend went away for a month long holiday without me.
At a restaurant I observed how the gypsies tried to get money by á cheating the foreigners i.e non Swedish speaking.  My anger had á nothing to do with hatred against foreigners
When I got caught in the pouring rain last Thursday and did not á have a raincoat on me.
When a colleague asked me for help at work
The editor changed the heading of an article that I had written.  á He considered the heading to be derogatory towards the person I had written á about.
On the T.V I saw a news feature on South Africa.  A policeman      á attacked a group of black people with a whip.
Being treated unfairly.
I was accused of having done something
I went to a lecture and once again it had been cancelled
We were in a disco and the evening was not at all pleasant.  Despite my not knowing why
I sometimes quarrel with my mother because she blames me
Two boys whom I know were telling me
When my tennis match was interrupted because a kid cycled right á into the court.
I had a very heavy work load and two colleagues
When I was deputy manager during the Summer
I reached the bus stop and realized that I had forgotten my bus á pass.
When someone does something wrong which affects me negatively.
I saw a report on T.V news on apartheid in South Africa. 
The time when someone let the air out of the tyres of my cycle.
When I missed the tram after having run for it.
When I am accused of something I have not done
Someone drove into my car and then denied that it had happened.
Quarrel in the family.
My car had been towed away by the traffic police because it had á been wrongly parked.  However the sign had been put up only after á I had already parked.
A colleague asked me for some advice and as he did not have á enough confidence in me he asked a third person.
When close relatives tried to dissuade me from studying á Psychology because of its low status.
My employer took too many aspirins for a bad back and also drank á an enormous amount of spirit.  This was dangerous  and he did á not understand that he had done anything wrong.
The sports fishermen who catch gulls instead of fish with their hooks. á   It is often a mistake but it makes me angry.
When I found out that the guy I was dating at a particular time á had a steady relationship going on with someone else for a long á time.
When I was pointed out as a problem child in primary school and á my mother took the teacher's point of view.
When my parents drove me to a nearby place and went home á immediately instead of waiting a few hours.  They could have á easily waited.
When we were in high school a few guys sometimes provoked a á friend of mine.  They called her a pig and then grunted.  This á irritated most of the girls.  Once
When my boyfriend sat up half the night playing computer games á with a friend.
When my mother interfered in my life.
When my father asked me if I was a communist
When my boss enrolled in a course to satisfy his own ends - to á trample on his associates.  I have the misfortune to have one of á my superiors in my course.
When I tried to explain to a plumber
When I read about Reagan's tactical decision concerning the á South African boycott.
Some noisy guests arrived at the hotel.  I had been slightly á irritated earlier.  At night when I was trying to sleep they were á having a party so I went and yelled at them.  I wanted to sleep á as I had to get up early the next day.
Recently when my sister
On the way home from Marstrand I was driving behind my father's á car.  Another car tried to push in front of my father and he was á forced to swerve and he thus collided the car with a pillar.  The á other car drove off without even seeing what had happened.
In a course I thought that I deserved good marks but I only got á ordinary marks with no justification as to why I was given these á marks.
When it became clear that a man had used many people sexually á and psychologically
When after a lot of provocation my child threw a plate on the á floor.
When I was forced to call the telephone company about a bill á concerning a disconnected phone belonging to my landlord.  The á bill was four months overdue and in the meanwhile he had been á using my phone
[ After an examine I had been satisfied with.]
Jealous of my husband's old girlfriend.  We met her with her á husband and there was a lot of reminiscing.
Exchange of points of view with my sister on a family matter.
At a cash desk where I had gone to buy 16 rolls of kitchen paper á at a reduced price.  After queuing with screaming children; it á turned out that I had taken two 8 roll packets instead of the one á 16 roll packet to which the rebate applied.  The assistant said á \You will have to get it another time.\""
An unjust refree decision at a sports event when I was the team á leader.
A drummer who had borrowed my drums destroyed both the drumskin á and the sticks.  He did not repair them nor did he tell me about á it.
When I told off a computer teacher who did not want to teach me á beacause of prejudice.
When the morning newspaper has not arrived.
When I argue with my boyfriend
When during Winter the water pipes froze and we did not have any á water for two days.
When our religion teacher presented shocking sectarian thoughts á and doom's day as official teaching.
In the student kitchen that we share
I missed the train and had to wait for the next for two hours. á For this reason I missed an appointment which had been very á important for me.
I was watching TV with a friend. After the first film I wanted to á watch another film on the same channel. My friend switched over á to the other cannel without asking me what I wanted.
I moved to a flat. A friend who had lived there before
A friend suggested in a round-about way that the reason we were á late for something was because of me
During a fight with my best friend.
At my father's treatment of my mother
I told my boy friend not to park in a certain place because the á car would ger towed away - he didn't listen and it was towed away. á At that stage
Getting a terrible exam mark
When a close relative is treated badly.
When my father's new fiancee treats me like a child.  She does á not trust me and constantly misunderstands me.  I get á particularly angry when she says nasty things about my boyfriend á with whom she works.
My parents did not approve my choice of a boyfriend (now an á ex-boyfriend).  He happened to be 13 years older than me and he á was considered completely unsuitable for me.  IDIOT.
There was a sofa in my flat which belonged to the old tenants who á were acquaintances.  It should have been picked up a year ago but á they had postponed it.  Eventually they decided on one date and I á stayed at home despite the fact that I had other things to do.  á They did not come
A girl I was with went off with another guy.
My father and I had an argument because I do not help enough at á home.
Quarrelled with my younger brother.
A lady I live with had not bothered to clean up before she went   á on holiday (I live in a collective).
The sight of a man who ran amok (fighting) at a dance.
With the job appointments committee when the headmaster in charge á explained that a male teacher was more suitable for the á particular post.  I had more years of service than the male á teacher
Someone didn't show up at a meeting in spite of having agreed to á come.
When I tried to put up a tent some years ago
A drunken friend of mine was beating up another friend
My mother and her friends were speaking badly about my father á when they were separated
I was accused of a misdemeanour
Meeting generally dominating persons in social occasions.
When my father phoned me to come home from my vacation
When my car suddenly broke down !
Angry with my brother
Being subject to unfair treatment in a working group
One of my best friends accused me of giving up to early on á problems. It was only a casual remark on her side
I was subject to false accusations
I felt unfairly treated at an airport
When students in our working group showed no responsibility or á interest in our work.
My nephew is a deaf and also \hyperactive\" boy. I had been á
A close friend first said he accepted an agreement
When I tried to breake it up with my boyfriend
Having a fight with a class mate.
I get angry when people disbelieve me or misunderstand me.
Being a spokesman for the union
When others let me down
I was accused of having drunk a bottle of liquor and then á refilling with water.
When colliding with my car. I myself was to blame.
When my mother treats me as a 10-year old boy.
Having agreed to share the taxi expenses
Realizing that a friend had been talked into signing a certain á contract.
Receiving personal criticisms early in the morning.
Physical violence. A friend wouldn't listen to me I repeatedly á tried to warn him
In traffic I often get relatively angry with other drivers. á Several transgressions make me mad
Having gone to school without learning anything
Being slandered by friends.
Angry when our team (small boys) lost the county championship á football final.
My father accused my brother of having bumped his car
I had a discussion with my mother concerning my sister's divorce
A conflict with a pupil.
[ When I was treated unfairly
My fiancee and I were at my parent's place watching TV. There á were  only two TV-chairs and we were sitting on them when my á drunken brother came in and rudely chased my fiancee off the á chair she was sitting on.
When a girl left me.
While in the army
When stupid people push me during rush time in the city.
[ An unfair punishment.]
I had an implicit agreement with my sister about meeting her
When I learned that my brother had spoilt an LP of mine.
After having quarelled with a relative of mine about politics.
I was disappointed and angry at the bad quality of a documentay á program on TV.  In my opinion
When I realized that I was far behind the others in the language á course and I could no longer catch up with the others.
I was angry with a friend of mine who behaved in an affected á manner.
When I did not find the rack used for beating up rugs
I had an appointment downtown
I was coming home in a taxi with a fellow worker of mine.  He was á criticizing my earlier conduct towards him
A person close to me mistook my good intentions for bad
My superior blamed me for some neglects at work in front of á others.  In fact
A relative of mine had come to see my husband to talk to him á about a problem concerning his sister and me.  I was angry á because this relative of mine did not dare to speak to me and á instead spoke to my husband.  I got to know about it later the á same day.
I am a school teacher.  One of the classes does not obey me at all
My mother carried on using mental pressure concerning something á which was serious and a real burden to me.
On the TV news I heard that Nicaragua had complained about the á increasing threat of war with the USA.
When I checked my examination paper and realized that I had been á careless
A member of a religious sect tried to convert me
My father had once again told me that I should be careful and try to á seek admission to other places also apart from the faculty of á Social Sciences at the university of Helsinki.  I was not at all á interested in any other place and had no time to study for other á entrance exams.
When my room-mates were watching video-tapes and prevented me á from watching the news.  The first feeling I had was that I was á being treated unfairly and then came the feeling of anger.
My friends promised me that they would definitely call me to tell á me if they were visiting me or not.
When a friend of mine was drawn into a fight because of the á stupid gang he belonged to. I felt angry with him and his á friends. They could not think about anything sensible
My mother had for some time been trying to separate me from a á good friend who
A friend of mine ridiculed me
While having a discussion with my mother
The outrageous conduct of a relative towards me and those close á to me.(blaming us and lying)
The housing council asked the city to cut 40 linden trees so that á the inhabitants of the lower floors would have a view to the sea.
My boy-friend came home late one night without having told me á about it before.
When I heard that my step-mother had treated my mother in a wrong á manner.
When I quarelled with my parents.
A \higher status\" colleague of mine despised my attitude and á
They had returned much less of my taxes than I had expected.
My parents put pressure on me to buy clothes
Disagreements with mother.  When I moved from KankaanpSS
I was angry at my boyfriend who had promised to come to see me á but did not because he spent the evening with his pals.
I got angry at a friend of mine whom I caught reading my notebook á (almanach).
When my sister took my things without having asked for my permission á first.
My brother told me that a person (whom I know) had insulted him.  á I am very fond of my brother
When I saw a big man hit another one
Without my permission
A friend of mine had promised to arrange me some tickets for a á concert which I considered important.  He could not get them the á way he thought he would
The last day of school is traditionally celebrated by singing a á song about all the students who are leaving.  In the song á about me
I read in the newspaper that the Student Lodging Fund was going á to build new appartments for refugees (in my opinion this is the á state's affair).  This is when only a fractoin of the students á can find an appartment.
While playing a ball game
When I came for the lesson
My girlfriend started singing (she cannot sing) and did not stop á despite my asking her to do so.
New Year's Eve party in the country
At the weekend I wanted to be absent from school because of a á sports event
I had a quarrel with my parents; I was convinced to be right.
I wanted to go to a friend of mine who had a party; at the moment á I wanted to leave
I wanted to see a friend
Recently a good friend only called me when he needed something. á He never said \please\" or \"thank you\" or any other kind word."
When I lost my driving license because I had been driving while á under the influence of alcool.
A colleague asked me to study with her. I could not explain á things as perfectly as she had expected. So she reacted in an á aggressive manner.
When we rearranged furniture in our flat and got stuck in a á chair.
I helped my little sister (13 years) learning mathematics. á Obviously she did not want to understand what I explained and á started to cry. I grew angry.
A friend of mine tried to persuade me to go at her place to act á as a model because she felt too tired. It was a quarter of an á hour before the appointed time
A friend called me and told me that she wanted to come and see á me. She lived in a village at 50 km distance fom my home town. á Next morning I expected her but she didn't arrive. As I got á impatient I called her but her parents told me that she had gone á skiing. I was very angry because I had cancelled an appointment á to be able to see her.
At the hairdresser's
A friend who shares the room with me
I arrived in Vienna in the middle of the night. I asked for some á silly information - as I realized myself afterwards - and the inquiry  á clerk reacted in a very arrogant manner.
I wanted to clear up a misunderstanding with a friend that I had á caused. A third person meddled in our conversation
I went singing with a group of young people on January 6th (The á three Magi)
During the Christmas holdidays I wanted to invite my brother
After an exhausting day I came home and wanted to take a bath to á relax. My father wanted to take a bath first and when he had á finished after an hour
My mother treated me unjustly as if I was a little child. I said á mean things. I was unable to defend myself adequately.
It happened in a tram: some older people started to grumble about á the young people just because I had not immediately left my seat á to them.
At the end of my holiday job I got less money than was due to me á and nobody mentioned anything about that.
I share my small flat with my friend. On her birthday we could á not see each other until evening because we had to stay at the á University all day. In the evening I left a lecture before it á finished to be able to buy flowers for her. When I was at home á she called me to tell me that she would stay the night with her á boyfriend.
I was in \Hainburg\" in December and I was angry about the á
I was waiting behind a car which was going to leave the parking á place
I was angry about several drivers who showed an aggressive and á dangerous driving habit.
When I was house-hunting: Another person got a flat that I would á have liked
When I wanted to talk to someone I liked and whom I have been á told likes me (by his brother and even by himself) however he á avoids any confrontation
My feelings towards would-be in-laws for their participation in á recent broken relationship.
When boyfriend lied to me.
People hunting animals.
When I was dismissed unjustly from the firm where I worked
When I talked with a teacher yesterday who
When in a difficult moment I couldn't express myself correctly á and my thought came out with distortions bringing about highly á negative and distorted results.
I was angry with a person who behaved terribly at a ball á offending her relatives.
My sister had promised to help me to do a translation from á English into German. But the day I needed her she told me that á she was busy - I was very angry.
As I usually do not start learning until a short time before an á examination
When I felt being treated unjustly by a teacher.
A friend was unpunctual
When we still attended school
I had stolen a bottle of rum from a person who knows me well. He á threatened to call the police if I did not pay 500 Shillings.
I had arranged with a friend to go with him to Carinthia by car. á We had arranged a place where to meet. I was a bit late and my á friend had left already. I had no money to go by train. I nearly á started to cry because I was so angry - it was very important for á me to go to Carinthia.
At an examination I got a bad mark just because of a small á mistake. When I went to the lector and wanted to talk about that
When I am discussing something with a person and I realize that á the other person is thinking over her own argumentations instead á of listening
I was very hungry and just wanted to start eating when a friend á called me who usually talks for a long time. I was angry because á I was prevented from eating.
A friend had promised to call me at a certain time. I expected á his call impatiently but in vain.
I had studied for almost one week for my physics-examination. á With difficulty I passed the examn. I was angry about the teacher á and also about myself because I had not remembered enough during á the examn and because the time that I spent studying was wasted.
I had got a bad cold. My father said I must be crazy to go by á motorbike at those temperatures. When I answered him that I did á not care about a cold
My parents are divorced
A man treated his dog very badly - he insulted and beated him á until the dog kept lying on the floor with his tail drawn in.
When I come home in the evening
I was angry about how the government acted concerning Hainburg
Once when I was playing table tennis I was already sure that I á would win 
A friend of mine told other people that I was a slattern (because á of an occurence that had happened some time ago). When I heard á about that I was very angry.
A friend of mine uses butter instead of oil when he is cooking. I á am always angry about that
I had not eaten anything for 2 days to be able to pay the fine á for my fiancT. But he stayed in another town and spent one á thousand shillings in the restaurant during the same time.
I bought an aquarium which made me much pleasure. I was watching á the fish when my father came in and asked me how much I had payed á for it. He said he would not pay for the current that it would á require.
When I played in a chess championship
I have a very big family. At my grandmother's funeral we all met á and everybody pretended mourning. In reality it was like a á fashion-show: everybody wanted to show himself.
When my mother kept me in leading-strings.
My girl-friend did not understand me; I was angry with myself á because I had problems when we seperated - I could not resign á myself to it.
I had an accident with damage to the car body.
I heard friends grumbling at me in an adjoining room
My boy-friend had promised me to come home at about 10 p.m. He á did not return until midnight and had consumed a lot of alcohol.
A friend had promised to get me a book which was very important á for my work
At an office an application that I had made was turned down á because of a scrupulous interpretation of the rules.
I was angry when I watched a ski-race. All the Austrian skiers á dropped out.
My father had bought too many goods for his shop
My boy-friend had promised me to come an 10 a.m. - he was 3 hours á late.
I played chess with my 12-year-old brother. I made a stupid á mistake - and he won!
A friend had promised me to give me a lift to Graz. To be sure I á called her before we went. She told me that she had just promised á another person to give him a lift.
Boyfriend \chatting up\" another girl."
Heated discussion with spouse concerning new house.
A friend whom I had gone out of my way to do something for did á not bother to acknowledge my efforts
Being stopped by the police for a traffic offence which I don't á think I committed.
A person walking his dog allowed it to defecate on the footpath á outside my house. Although it had happened before
When the person I am going out with let me down in a situation á that I was depending on them
At one of my close friends saying she didn't like the way I am á nice to people I don't know
Anger towards my lover for being late.
I had been having a heated argument with a lover - whose á intention was that we should marry in the near future - and was á rejected by her when I started to cry. When I stopped crying for á a moment she said \There
The mother of a person with whom we had been sharing a housing á accused me of trying to rip her off over payment of bills in the á house. 
Anger with boyfriend's best friend for alienating me and blaming á me for personality changes in my boyfriend and changes in my á boyfriend's attitude to him and his obvious egoistical attitude á himself in doing so. I also lost one of my best friends - his á girlfriend.
I was enjoying the company of bird life while I was eating lunch á in a park when a group of people began throwing sticks at some of á the birds - for no reason other than the satisfaction of seeing á them being scared away.
I was at the corner shop
When my rights to use a shared house had been usurped by á co-owners out of pure selfishness.
I walked in on a teenage patient of mine (I work in a hospital) á as he was going through my office drawers and he had removed á money from my purse.
Not being alowed on a school camp with the class I'd been in for á 11 years (I had stayed down due to illness)
Last night - finding that someone in the house had eaten an á entire packet of almonds I had bought for a family treat.
Finding that a subordinate at work was still not willing to á cooperate after discussions to try and resolve an attitude á problem.
Following an argument with my brother
At school when I had a shouting argument with a friend over my á ability to carry out a particular duty in the correct way without á harming her.
Doing a group assignment and being left to do all the work and á take the blame for any mistakes.
Brother provoked anger. It was when mother and father were away á and we had to look after ourselves. He accused me of being á selfish and a snob.
When my mother and father split up I was angry: I felt deprived á and \different\" from other children at school."
At a school dance when my supposed \best friend\" kept walking á
A person ignored my advice
At the hardware store
Going away for the weekend
When I received the mark well above requirements for the course I á wanted to enter
In a situation whereby a friend's actions were deliberately á against my wishes and (with) no regard to my feelings.
When a friend wouldn't speak to me and wouldn't tell me why.
When I was accused of \bitching\" about best friend."
When I was put into a tennis team below my standard.
When my sister lost my favourite jumper at a party and failed to á tell me for several days after it happened.
While at school I had to write an essay for doing something wrong á that I didn't do. I wrote the essay about how I was mistreated and á got Saturday morning detention along with a few other kids
Getting terrible meals
My younger brother and I had been fighting over the TV/Video. He á kept on turning it on and off every 2 seconds and was not á listening to my authority and was being cheeky. We fought and I á ended up in tears - he'd won.
Can't remember exact example.
When I was left by the person I loved without any reason.
I feel it when I see that somebody is traying to made a stupid of á me.
I was with my girlfriend when some guys that I don't like made á fuss at my girl.
When an unknown person provoked me verbaly and physically.
I learned that my girlfriend had been unjustly missed from work.
I was indignant at the unimpartiality shown by the referees at á the football match between Bulgaria and France.
When I talk to silly
My grandfather's funeral.
An unjust calumny concerning me.
With self at losing an important game that I should have won.
I was angry at a University tutorial when an ignorant loudmouth á persisted in trying to dominate the conversation.
As a child - about 8 years old - walking across a paddock - being á set upon by another boy who claimed it was \his land\" - being á
I was informed by my flatmate that
When my brothers were being cruel to my boyfriend
My flatmate was asking questions about my relationship with my á boyfriend
Anger at doctors for their treatment of me after giving birth. á They left part of placenta behind and I bled heavily for twelve á weeks - due to this
My ex-boyfriend began to date my best friend. After they had been á seeing each other
After seeing an \uncertain\" child work on a model for several á
When a so-called friend let me down
One day in a crossroad somebody crashed my car. I got out and á this person laughed at me. I felt such a great anger that I got á in my car and went away.
When one teacher unjustly gave me zero in a test saying that I á was cribbing.
I went to the school library and asked for a book
I feel anger when somebody forbids me to do something.
When they changed my office to another room without my agreement.
This feeling occurred to me when my colleague entered in G.V. á (University) and I didn't.
I felt anger when I had a fight with my father
I feel anger when things don't come out as I wish.
When they denied a job to a person that I propsed giving political á reasons that has nothing to do directly with the professional á level.
When they stole my dark blue tennis.
I felt anger of a friend when she met \a date\" and become nervous á
I'm crazy about football. When my team lost a goal in the Paulist á championship
I felt anger the way I acted after á negotiating it.
Nearby the end of the year my wife and I were having a car ride
The fact that I hadn't been informed about something and I had the á greatest trust in this person.
When I used to go to my chief asking about any doubt about the job á and he didn't care
When a person is privileged in account of situations that are á unjust
Once in my work it happened a fight between the person in charge and me. I á got so angry and spoke out everything I felt at the moment.
When my boss cut off my vacations saying that in that month it á wouldn't be possible
When my mother slapped me in the face
When I was robbed in a bus.
One day I lent my tennis I just had washed to my sister because á she asked it. I asked her not to soil it as I had just washed it. á Next day I looked at the tennis
In certain occasion I have a fight with my boyfriend. During the á fight I closed the door at his face. He went away but came back á next day.
My mother in law slept in my bed.
In the last year of the high school we had a huge fight between á my group and the graduation commission (two students of my á classroom) because they accused us unjustly of a gossip about á them.
When a boy tried to fool me so he would be OK trying to show me á that he is a gook boy.
I loved a person and he went away. It wasn't necessary that he á left me to reach his goals.
My mother was ill and asked me to prpare our lunch. I went to do it
A girl entered in the division where I work and greeted everybody á but not me.
When my chief accused me of an error that I hadn't made.
I don't use to lie to my parets about what I do
When I was misleaded by a person who assured that something would á not occur
I felt anger when I saw that I was being misleaded by my á boyfriend
When my sister took something that belonged to me without my á permission.
When I realized that the person I was courting hadn't been really á by my side for a long time already. He had deceived me and I let á him deceive me.
I felt much anger and perhaps I feel it till now
Without the employer's knowledge and even without any á communication their bank accounts were changed and their personal á accounts closed.
A ex-boyfriend tried to prejudice me before my fiancT and his á family saying things about me that let his family worried. We had á to postpone our wedding and we were already using our wedding á rings. To be honest I didn't feel just anger
When my brother went out with my new shirt that I adored
My grandmother is a highly authoritative person
When I had a serious argument with a dear person.
Discussion with my mother about the way to educate my children. I á felt anger against my mother.
And she said absurd things
I felt much anger when my fahter interferred in my relations with á another person whom I liked very much
When a colleague was rude with me because she didn't understand á the subject about which I was discussing.
I felt anger against a person who told bad things about me in my á absence.
I was on a farm with a few friends and during the talk I á discovered that a friend of mine
When I left after the examination to enter the University
In the University we were convoked to a stroll like a freshman I á was still innocent about the manipulation. On seeing the goal of á the exaltation to poor character people
Discussing with a certain person about a job I was getting and á that perosn was negative and pessimistic.
I was waiting to receive the participation on the profits and did á not receive it.
Once
I was angry when my abilities of a singer were underestimated.
At a certain situation I felt myself neglected and undeservedly á harmed.
I feel anger when I see a \parent\" beating and punishing his child á
My brother accused me undeservedly before my parents. I was not á guilty. He was misled by his wife.
Someone stole my ski at Vitosha and of course I was the one to be á blamed. I left them without supervision.
A shop-assistant behaved rather roughly with me though she hadn't á the slightest grounds for it.
When my mother decided to clean out my room and throw out what á she thought was junk
When playing a football match
I felt anger against a colleague of mine during a rehearsal in á acting. He hadn't learnt the text of an opera act in the course of á several months and thus making difficulties for the rest of my á colleagues.
I felt it on the same occasion which finally á grew into anger.
I had an accident with a trafic police car that was packed at a á curve without any visibility and against all traffic regulations á in a strong snowstorm. As a result I still cannot repair my car á because of the missing spare parts.
A whole crowd of us went to a folklore festival. The instructor á of the cast where my boyfriend played was traveling with us. We á decided to catch the train that leaved early in the morning á because we had business on the following day. The instructor á tried to get the upper hand and made us catch the train in spite á of everything
When my friend (girl) promised to help me go to the hospital and be á examined by good experts and she deceived me.
When you are unjustly assessed at something you are sure to have á been right.
They wanted something to happen but I didn't.
I shared a secret with a friend and it later turned out that he á had revealed it to another person with whom I didn't get along very well.
I get angry with people who attain certain status without á deserving it
I experience that feeling when I am unsulted without deserving á it or when someone deceives me.
I get angry when someone imputes on me things I never can do
I have a friend that I deeply trusted but it happened that I lost á my confidence in her for which she herself was to blame.
When I was a soldier I quarrelled with my commander and may be in á revenge for this he detailed me on duty two successive nights. á Naturally he checked me up on the second night and found me á asleep for which he sent me to the cells.
Teenage neighbours smashed my letterbox for the fifth time in a á couple of months. It was a deliberate action of kids who had á stayed in my home
I've a situation of responsibility an employee who had a habit of á being late
A friend got angry and drove \like a lunatic\" with me and others á
In the house where I live there is a new flatmate. His friends á unfortunately are the dirt of society
When
I haven't often felt this feeling. Once someone stole my garment.
Attitude to some manners of dealing and some \sanctioned\" á
A close person lied to me.
Unjust punishment of a friend of mine.
At an unjust
Anger I felt when my boyfriend told me he didn't mind breaking it á off with me
In a conversation my boyfriend expressed definite and quite á pretentious opinions and he took up an attitude towards a theory á which he himself had never known. His information was from á fortuitous sources.
I feel this feeling when I am to fill in a questionnaire or a á form.
Unfair and unjust attitude toward a person close to me
The doctors from Belogradchik town determined a wrong diagnosis á to my son. A month later
When I see how people around me pass by certain unjustice because á of indifference or cowardice.
When someone lies to me.
It was quite recently
A friend of mine promised to come with me to the cinema but he á didn't come.
I was neglected undeservedly.
About a month ago the Regional Council refused to pay my wife the á due maternity benefit
When I encountered not only with my father's lack of á understanding but also with his unwillingness to understand me as á a parent
I thought him a good friend but he tried to lie to me several times. á Last time was the height of impudence. He promised he would come á home but he didn't. I felt a sense of anger and insult.
At an undeserved attitude toward a man
I feel a strong anger when I am treated unjustly.
My husband and I were invited at the house of our nieghbours then á we got an invitation on the part of my parents which we had to á refuse. A a result they called me by words that provoked my á anger.
A honest \sliding\" on the part of a girlfriend of mine. á
I was drawn up a statement for an infringement of the traffic á ordinance. In fact I was innocent.
When I am made to do things in which I see no sense and I waste á my time. Some time ago I had to participate in a sociological á investigation and then I got really angry.
I unfairly got a low mark on an exam and I failed to win a grant
I get angry when my smaller brother misbehaves and talks with indecent á words.
I got angry with a stranger in a train who behaved impertinently á and immorally
I always get angry when somebody deceives me
With the girl whom I may be loved truly. When she refused to come á with me to an occasion (she was from another town).
I felt it when a girl who was dear to me lied to my face. I got á angry with the fact that she knew I didn't believe her but she á kept on telling lies.
When my husband stays late at a meeting and I have to be alone.
I got angry when I learned how short a time we had to prepare for á the term examinations.
A chief was unjustly punished on an autumn brigade and the one á who was really guilty kept silent. I stepped in front and told á the truth. The guilty chief called me in after the roll-call and á threatened me.
My grandmother's brother had taken active part in the resistance á movement. He had been in prison many times and there he lost his á health. He became an invalid. When we phoned to First Aid the á nurse on duty behaved quite unkindly when she understood how old á he was (79).
I suffered from a gynaecological illness. I was quite displeased á to hear that my roommates had talked about it and they had á misrepresented the truth. I felt deeply hurt when I learned that á it was done by a \good\" acquaintance of mine."
I confronted with this feeling at the Institute quite recently
When on a car journey a fellow student crossed our way with his á own car and we had to bump into a roadside trunk.
I feel angry at people's indifference at our ability to be á present at an event and to stay partial to what happens.
It was necessary to organise a competition in connection with a á celebration. Everyone was to be present at that event. It turned á out that there was no audience at all because everyone had á pretended to be very intelligent and no one had come. I got á furious.
When my bosom friend tried to lie to me.
I felt anger at my last exam
I felt angry when I failed in an exam about which I knew quite a á few things and I did not deserve to be plucked.
That was what I felt with a teacher who put down quite unreal á marks.
I faced this feeling when I realized I wasn't admitted to the á institute in the first classifying
A nuisance used to live in our flat a month ago. I experienced á this feeling when I tried to chase her out.
I took part in a football match. The referee was extremely á partial to the opposite team. This stirred up my discontent and á anger.
When a teacher though pretending to be a highly cultivated á teacher and a man
The breakup of a relationship. then angry maybe 2/3 weeks later.
When my son omits to carry out certain duties at home that he á knows needs doing.
In a sociology class I felt very angry towards some members of á society for exploiting the Polynesian people
A friend visited and made comments that my house/garden were not á as neat/tidy as in the past. I'd not seen her a year - She á implied I'd gone to the pack (I'd only been working full time
A shop in Downtown wouldn't accept my Visa Card - before December á last year.
When my husband got picked up in our new car for drunken driving. á We had made a pact the other would not drink and so therefore á would be the driver for the evening etc. I was not present at the á time.
My partner without discussing with me the situation decided it á was time for us to have a break and went ahead and arranged his á own life for the next 6-12 months
This situation keeps occurring - when my little sister disagrees á with me or vice-versa. We have very similar temperaments and I á always end up feeling angry at her and myself for fighting so á much over unimportant trivial matters.
Because I am the Captain of a basketball team I usually organise á a roster system so that everyone in the team can have a turn at á doing either a duty or a ref. A lot of the time the girls can't á be bothered or just forget - I usually have to fill in.
When my boyfriend wouldn't dance with me on my graduation night á because he thought I could dance with my friends who were á friendly.
Never really had the experience just yet - N/A.
When present boyfriend's mother approached my parents and self - á to leave her son alone - as she did not want me for a future á daughter-in-law.
(1) My father died. (2) My natural father contacted me a year á after my father died and this angered me more as I thought he á should be dead and not my father.
When a man
My anger is with men
Someone in my family (my brother I suspected) ate a bun which I á had made for myself. It was during a long telephone call after I á had just made it and put it in the oven warming drawer.
I live by myself and a few weeks ago was woke by a man on the end á of my bed coming up my bed at me. I was really angry
When during a social evening with my father
That a friend had been badly beaten and stabbed many times and á the person that did it got away without any punishment from the á law.
When bicycling along
Deliberately provoked by someone close. Angered by the á deliberation not the provocation.
When a close friend failed to live up to the expectations I had á of him - thereby causing pain to his spouse. I believe that my á anger was probably a reaction of fear that I wouldn't be able to á live up to my own expectations.
Landlord putting up rents sneakly and slimily.
I was playing in a football tournament and saw the rules openly á disregarded.
My sister and I were fighting as usual. She's older tham I am
At school teacher for not allowing us to go out on New Year's Eve á when on a class trip overseas.
Once a person in authority (school teacher) was telling blatant á lies about me and the headmistress would not let me defend á myself. She was also telling lies about other members of my á family.
I visited a special education school. The headmaster applied a á policy of strict positive - negative reinforcement to the á children involved. Children who measured up to his standards were á made a fuss of - children who didn't were ignored.
At work being shifted to another area.
Someone who was speeding was forced to slow down when I pulled á out onto the road and proceeded to abuse me at the next set of á traffic lights.
Arriving home from work after a long and tiring day to find no á dinner prepared as I had expected.
Friend (male) hinted that my talking to other men at a pub was á immoral. He implied that I should remain only with my boyfriend á the entire evening.
When the bus driver failed to stop and pick me up at a bus stop.
My boyfriend promised to take me to see a game of tennis and rang á saying he was going to the pub with some of his friends instead.
In a hurry to get to lectures and the car would not start.
When fired unjustly from a job as casual bar-person. Charged with á giving away free drinks. Not done so and had witnesses to prove á it - both patrons and bar staff. Other staff were supportive.
Towards wife's laziness in not performing her usual duties á because of television watching.
NO RESPONSE.
My parents didn't allow me to go to a social function that all my á friends were attending.
In arguments with a close friend or relative where my point of á view is completely disregarded.
When at very short notice I agreed to work in place of a friend á who was sick
I \cooked\" the engine in my father's car - it was actually his á
My best friend at school told lies about me to a boy I was seeing á and went out with him herself.
When someone ignores what I am saying or doesn't let me have my á point of view and they monopolise a conversation.
Stopped at a Fast Food shop with friends and a few locals wanted á to fight us for no apparent reason. They hit and picked on one of á my friends.
Came back from surfing to find car broken into and gear and money á stolen.
I am one of four directors of a company. We inherited land held á by our family - ours is the 5th generation. A \democratic\" á
Brother continually interupting while I was talking on the á telephone.
When my girlfriend of two years told me it was all over.
When my flatmate put me down because she \thought\" she was better á
I lent a text-book to a person I did not know very well
When my mother rejected my boyfriend and made unfair judgements á on him.
Most recently when the chairman at the New Zeeland Rugby Union á announced that the All Blacks' would accept the invitation of á South Africa to play rugby in that country.
In a discussion the leader wanted to stop because she was of the á opinion that we were not involved and she misjudged our reactions á as negative. We however only posed several questions which she á couldn't answer.
A man kept a seat taken by putting his coat on it after a while á the chair was still empty
The landlord had selected a new lodger on her own
When someone accuses me without reason and is not willing to á listen to me.
A good friend deceived me. Because of that little quarrel our á relationship finished
When my mother told things to my sister
I had to unscrew something on my car. I didn't succeed after two á afternoons of trying. A feeling of anger built up itself.
I had an appointment with someone at a certain time. The other á person didn't appear.
When my friends left without waiting for me
At having an argument with a stranger
One day
An argument among friends in which my opinions on the way to á spend spare time were disapproved.
When the Real Madrid football team lost against the inter in the á U.E.F.A cup.
We lived with 3 persons in the loft of a house. It often occurred á that other persons again and again climbed the stairs with much á noise. When I was studying I couldn't concentrate and got angry.
My sister borrowed some LP records for a party. She had left them á in the car on curatao. Due to the heat they were crooked
If they force me to eat something I don't like. For example
Someone who always took care for the key of the sportshall stayed á away without letting us know. Next time he did as if nothing had á happened.
I am a teacher in arts and crafts (boys from 15-16 years). for á them it is obligatory and they dislike it. They tease me. When one of á them cut up some material I flared up.
I work for a journal. Once the lay-out came to nothing
I invited two friends. We should go out together. Those two girls á kept talking about boys
I was sleeping nicely until in the middle of the night when I became á awake because a friend called me for some (in my opinion) á nonsens reason.
When my father took away my cherised diaries to burn them  \Oh
A quarrel with my mother because I thought she said very á unreasonable things about me
When the coach of our team degraded me to the second team.
When anybody wants to make me feel guilty. For example: I should á do something for my mother
While playing indoor-hockey
When a friend who comes visiting me unexpectedly asks for coffee á and I refuse to give him this.
My father promised me a bicycle for my birthday. Just before my á birthday he forgot he promised this to me.
My bicycle was demolished.
Last year I had a friend visiting me for several days. The only á thing he did was sleeping
My girlfriend does practice and therefore leaves me alone at á night and in the weekend. In addition
My parents thought that I didn't do my best to pass the final á examination (secondary school). When I achieved a good grade they á said nothing
When talking with my sister
When I arranged our holiday in Paris
I suffer from a disease of my muscles. Therefore
When a pick-pocket robbed me of my money (K20) while I  was á buying bathing soap.
In 1983 a sadist provoked my sister in my presence.  He tried á to force my sister into accompanying him to his place
When my mother quarrelled with my aunt over me.
My younger brother destroyed and gave away some of the books that á I had intended to keep for as long as possible.
When some seniors tried to scold and insult some juniors on á account of what the juniors were supposed to have said at á secondary school.
Meddlesomeness of my mother about the way I live. She thinks I am á to free in my behavior for instance when a boyfriend stays the á night.
A friend came to visit me late one night. He promised to stay á only a quarter of an hour
During military service a superior reproached me unjustly. This á led to friction in a lot of situations.
When a teacher tells a story which isn't true. It only reflects á his way of interpreting reality.
I work at a petrol station. When there is a foreigner who wants á petrol my collegues treat him very impolite.
The stories about the way my grandmother treated my mother.
I am usually angry at myself. This happens often. For instace á when I want to pet without falling in love and it soon proves á that I have fallen in love with him.
After a hard day at the university I also had to make dinner that á evening. It failed because of a frying pan which broke.
My older brother who gives me unwanted advices about problems in á my relationship with my girlfriend.
Being treated unfairly and being hurt by someone I love.
I had a quarrel with my father
There was a lot of irritation between me and a person who lives á in the same house where I live. Suddenly it became too much for me and I á accused him of several things.
When I was at an official meeting I asked a question to a person. á His response was not directed at me but at the chairman.
I was in the library of medical psychology and walked into the á wrong direction. A man who came out of a room threated me very á denigrating and I became very angry in a resisting manner.
A friend started to shout at me. He called me an old frump.
Seeing for the first time pictures about the so called á \treatment\" of Jewish people in Nazi-Germany during World War II."
Once again my parents distroyed a relationship.
I felt anger when at the end of a telephone call
When I got the feeling that I had to do all the housekeeping á while my boyfriend didn't do anything. This happened in a period á of exams when I had to study very hard.
We had to move to a very different city because the company where á my father worked also moved to that place. It was very difficult á for me to make new friends than.
I was very angry at my father when he didn't give me as much á money as my brother to use for studying. Once again my brother á was better off then me.
My boyfriend told me that I had very high demands towards him. In á my opinion this was wrong.
When our cat was killed in a car-accident I was very angry at the á driver of the car because he didn't take enough care.
When people without my permission pry in my belongings and take á things out of it.
I worked together with another student on a computer-assignment. á She didn't do her best and didn't prepare herself for it. She á expected me to explain it to her.
My girlfriend one day went out and promised to be back at 6.00 pm á however she first arrived at 10.00 pm
When a discussion resulted in an insult
My father called me (behind my mother's back) and told me that my á mother disapproved my behavior in the weekend. However
When someone does not listen to me after having asked me to á repeat what I said. This happened more than one time with the á same person.
Out on a weekend with a group of people
Someone told me that he would stay at my home for one night. á Therefore I made big efforts to make everything ok (food). One day á before he cancelled the appointment because he had to go to á church with his parents.
When a very close friend with whom I have a very intimate and á bodily relationship (he had a girlfriend) started to avoid me and á didn't want to talk to me any more.
I made an appointment with a friend to drink coffee togehter. á However
When
When being made look a fool by the teacher in front of the class á during a turn.
A friend told me it would be better for me not to be on familiar á terms with another friend
I had made an appointment with three friends. We had to go out á together. When I arrived at the place
A class-mate urged me to carry out a particular protest along á with him
When I first saw a person begging.
We hitch hiked our way back from a town rather drunk.  We were á dropped in another town which was unknown to us.  I needed to á urinate
At home when they lost three pieces of my puzzle.
My family told me to leave if I was not willing to accept the á conditions they imposed on me.
Once I saw some children hunting a cat to death.
When I was told that a boy did not want to be my friend without á any apparent reason.
I had an argument with my mother because I criticized the rules á she imposes at home
I felt angry when I saw on T.V the last slaughter of negroes in á South Africa.
During a trivial (friendly) discussion
When my father addressed me directly and maliciously
A murder.
During an argument between friends
My cousins were playing at home and one of them broke a decorative á object which was very precious to me.
During a family discussion on my future and my prospects as a á student
An argument among several friends because of the irrational á behavior of one of them who fell out with us for no reason and á said that we were to blame.
When I failed an exam unfairly.
When a professor of this faculty laughed at
When I failed an exam I thought I would pass.
When I saw my brother being attacked and I could not do anything.
When I saw a man hitting a child of 2 years without any consideration
When I was young
I had an exam and I had it well prepared.  I did the first part á very well but did not know the second part.
When males in my family try to assign house duties exclusively á with referance to sex.
When they threw my holder down on the floor
An old woman was violently thrown down the stairs of the tube by á a group of louts.
I learned that a class-mate had given a list
A typical family argument.
When you kill yourself with work and see the number of slakers á wandering around
I was living in a flat where things did not go very well for me.  á Finally
I was angry when my sister began to talk nonsense and to laugh at á the way I swept the room.  My anger grew (I tried to control á myself).  After telling her to leave me alone
When I miss the train and I am late
In a very important basket-ball match where a lot was at stake
I was given an exam which I thought did not measure at all my á ability or my knowledge of the subject.
When my brother was held up and robbed.
A person I trusted a lot gave me many false explanations to á justify a wrong action.
When
We were at school
During my last exam.
On the occasion of assignment of tasks and responsibilities in á which such an assignment
When they broke the artistic work of several weeks.  Changes were á made and it was broken without permission
In a confrontation with a person
When I had an argument with my best friend and I thought that I á was right and she was not.
When I knew that they would not give me a transfer from one á university to another.  I began to insult the educatioon á authorities and the government
My father began to say incoherant things concerning my brother's and á my own behaviour towards him.  His biased (authoritarian) and á ridiculous point of view made us angry.
When I was the target of a great many insults and completely á unfair accusations of a large group of people.
When I was accused of something I had not done.
A certain person started to say dreadful things very calmly
My parents were having a typical family argument.  I came in and á saw the scene and became angry.
When people harrass me I feel oppressed by their behavior.
When I learned that several people had died in the street due to  á the cold weather.
When I saw parents punishing their little child for something he á had not done.  In my opinion
[ No description.]
I was with my family and we found some abandoned puppies.  I á wanted to help them but everyone said no.  We then left.
I had applied for a job and they had assured me that the exams á would take place a few months later.  A week later I went to á obtain some more information and they told me that the exams had á already taken place.
My sister came back home and reproached me for not having tidied á up the house
When I saw a car run over a child
My parents did not let me go on holidays with my friends.
I sent a book to a friend of mine.  The book meant a lot to me á and he lost it.
I gave some personal information to a friend of mine
My mother told me that I could not go to the mountains.  Despite á my age
[ One day I arrived home rather tired and found the house..... In á addition I was asked many questions which I did not want to á answer.]
When I got to know about the reaction of a friend of mine in a á certain situation.  I had not expected him to react that way.
My mother read a letter that a friend of mine had written to me á telling me how she had got drunk the last time.
My parents scolded me a lot for something I had not done.  It was á my sister who had done it.
When an English teacher unfairly made me repeat a semester which á I thought I had passed.  I had to ask my parents for some more á money to carry on studying.
When my father made my mother go through really terrible á situations
When I found one of my new pullovers wrinkled inside the á wardrobe.  My brother had done it.
A friend of mine played a joke on another friend over the á telephone.  This friend
They wanted me to pay for a ticket twice because they said that á the one I had was out of date.
When my aunt told me angrily that I was a good-for-nothing and á she was fed up with my behaviour.
My mother and I had an argument over buying some clothes for me.  á She did not accept the fact that I did not like the same things á as her
I get angry with my brothers and sisters when they do something á that I do not like.  They know this and still do it so as to á tease me.
One day in a clinic
A certain friend tried to push me off a seat in a very violent á way for no apparent reason.  It may be that he was excited about á something.
When a person the same age as me insisted that I call him á \Mister\".  I refused to succumb
When I was accused of having refused to do some hostel work while á I was at school.  Actually I had not been allocated any work.
When a friend tried to back bite me on false grounds.  This made á me wonder if he was a really a good friend.
When I was victimized for running away with a girl who was á somebody else's wife and niece at the same time.  I was very á angry over this issue because I was told to pay him money after á having been punished for it. 
When I was accused by my brother of having stolen a 5 kwatcha á note from my mother's bag.  I was beaten up for this
When I was in form 3
When I got a low grade in an administration course.
When a friend of mine was trying to make a fool out of me.
When my sister broke my china tea set.
When I heard that my girlfriend was talking behind my back and á looking down on me.
When a cousin of mine took my bottle of T.B tablets
When I was mistakenly accused of being a thief when I accidently á gave a fake coin at a counter.  I realized this before I handed á over the coin
When my brother did not send me the transport money to resume      á my studies in time at UNZA.
I peeped into Maurine's bedroom and saw two people - Maurine anbd á my step-dad.  I thought
This was when I found out that a cousin of mine had taken away my á trousers without my consent.
The comrade staying next doors insulted me for what he called  á the misuse of his iron.  He called me stupid
When I travelled all the way to my former school to collect my á certificate
I entrusted a friend with the delivery of some money to my á father
My trouser's zipper was open when I was at a public wedding.
When I discovered that the people I trusted most were talking á behind my back.
\ I have been hearing rumours that you have not been allowing á
When someone chased me from his house.
I went to the dining hall and found that the cooks were cleaning á the plates and there was no food for me
When somebody stole my brother's disco machine.
I was annoyed this particular day as it seemad that the odds were á not in my favour.  My grandfather added fuel to the fire
When a friend told me that my education had nothing to do with á our discussion.  This friend has failed the 7th grade
This happened recently
When my daughter began staying away from classes - at the age of á nine only.
I reachad home to find that my baby had not been bathed and fed.
When the dean of UNZA asked me to vacate a big flat I was á occupying and take up a smaller one as I was becoming a full time á student at UNZA.
I was annoyed when a person higher up asked me why a particular á job was not done
When I was mistreated by my step-mother.
When a friend and me played a joke on our boyfriends.  Her á boyfriend came up and accused me of having planned the whole á thing and said that I did not deserve my boyfriend.  He á embarassed me in front of a crowd.
The juniors in our dormitory at school started to complain and á make a lot of noise about the duties assigned to them by the á prefect who was my class-mate and was very cool and dull.
My room-mate locked up our room without specifying where I would á find the keys.  I had to spend several hours in my other friend's á room.
I was badly beaten up by one of my friends during a wedding á party.
I had gone home for a week-end and when I came back I found that á my clothes and my bedding had been stolen.
When I found out that my sister had been playing with my á confidential things which she had taken from my hand-bag.
When my room-mate locked me out deliberately
When my friends tried to discriminate against my friendship with á certain other friends which they thought was improper.
I told my friend something confidential which was supposed to á remain between the two of us.  The next thing that happened was á that a girl who is not even close to us came laughing and askad á me to tell her about it.  I was very angry with my friend as I á had trusted her.
I was asked to stop studying economics
When an argument with a friend of mine over our behaviour towards á another friend turned into a quarrel.   I lost my temper and nearly á knocked him out.
When my father did not get back from Chipata on time
When my aunt scolded me for something I was not responsible for.  á A boy had come to our gate asking for me
At boarding school someone put a lot of tiny thorns on my bed.  á When I complained everybody began teasing me and laughing at my á inability to find out my enemies.  I lost my temper.
A teacher at my former secondary school forced my darling to á marry him.  The girl tried to refuse but her parents would not á leave her alone.
My little niece
When my dress and a few other things were stolen from my á wardrobe.
When I saw my younger sister being bothered by a boy she did not á know.
When the university withdrew the accomodation that it had given á me.
When I could not reason my friend
I had planned to go to town with my friend at 1500 hours but she á went for the registration and I waited for a good 1 and a 1/2 hours.  It á was vital for me to go to town but I could not as it was she who á had the money.  Finally I borrowed some money from friends and we á went to town.  I was really angry with my friend.
When someone took my pen away.
Being made to look like a fool by a girl.
When I was locked out of my room by my room-mate's friend.
When a thief broke into my house and stole some valuable goods.
I felt very angry when a mishanga seller robbed me of the á transport money I had to go to school.
When my wife told me that the refrigerator had stopped working.
In 1982
When I got home I found that the electrical supply had been á disconnected despite my having paid ZESCO the full bill a few  á days earlier.
When my colleague spat on my face after a quarrel.
When I was insulted by a fellow student.
One day I had an appointment with my boyfriend which I had á objected to in the begining
One of my colleagues accused me of having stolen his iron and I á was sure that I had done no such thing.
When my kid brother broke my reading spectacles.
A very close friend of mine was refused entrance to the medical á school.  Her grades were very good and she should not have been á left out.  Biased judgment !
When a boy who was drunk came into my room and misbehaved in the á presence of my boyfriend.
Some people were sitting outside and saying things which were not á really true.
When my sister came home late one day and thus disobeyed my á parents.
When I was subjected to a very nasty joke by a group of friends.
When I discovered that my girlfriend was going around with á another boy.
When a kid dropped my father's radio cassette player
When I was beaten up by thieves on behalf of some friends of mine á as they thought that I had a lot of money and would not part á with a few coins for their drinks.
A certain boy came into my room and started telling me that I was á not pretty
When I met my new girlfriend with another man in the street.
I wrote an assignment and was given less marks than a friend with á whom I had previously discussed the assignment.
I got into an argument with a photographer for whom I had to pose á twelve times
When I found my boyfriend
I saw in a movie a block on which affluence and poverty existed. á I saw that the rich made no attempts to help the poor.
Someone signed up for a workshift at the co-op where I live and á she did not want to work the switchboard. I became very angry. á She had mentioned earlier that she wanted and needed the á workshift to me so I did not sign up.
One of my first boyfriends got mad at me because a lot of my á close friends were guys and he didn't want me to see them anymore á because he was jealous.
I experienced anger most recently when I had committed a sin á which I had gone a week and a half without doing. I had made a á vow to God and had blown it. Now I had to start all over.
A few weeks back
When I get home late my father scolds me and this makes me angry.
When my brother got very low marks in the exams
[ It irritates me when people talk about me behind my back.  I    á prefer people to tell me what they have to
One night we
When a person whom I had invited did not come on the appointed á day and time.
[ When I do not get any co-operation from my friends/partners.]
When my room-mate locked up the keys of my room in our room after á I had told her that I was  only in the bathroom having a shower. á  She left and I had to do without supper.
When someone I trusted very much
A few monthe ago
When a boy
I had gone on a vacation and my mother left home without leaving á me any thing - money to come back to school.
I had worked very hard during my vacations to raise some money á for a few major items (e.g a radio).  but when I arrived at the á inter-city bus terminal
When my girlfriend left me to go out with another guy
When my father banned me from going to his sister's home due to á some misunderstanding between the two.
I was in love with a very beautiful girl and when I went back for á my holidays I found her wth another guy who she said was just a á friend.  Later I found them together and was convinced that there á was something fishy.
When I learnt that my younger sister had been expelled from á secondary school because she was pregnant.  That was the second á time that this happened in the family - the first time it had á been my elder sister.
When I was accused of having planned my friend's outing at á secondary school (boarding) as we were not allowed to go out.
When my brother-in-law's brother stole my clothes when my á brother-in-law and I had gone to cut wood for the fire.
Being hooted at when I was learning to drive.
When someone took my things without having asked for my á permission.
When my room-mate was making noise deliberately
When a few girls were talking rubbish about me.
When our government decided to withdraw student allowances as it á was one of the conditions imposed by the IMF. á 
When I heard that an acquaintance of mine was spreading rumours á about my affair with a close friend.
When the paramilitary was sent to the UNZA and it started using á tear gas and started intimidating the students without any á provocation.
In form three we were taking our mock exams and someone else (a á friend) was making noise when the examinateur picked on me and á said that he would tear up my answer sheet.  I got very angry á with the girls involved.
When my father failed to send me transport money after the á closure of the school.
I once failed a test miserably and my friend did very well and á someone made a nasty comment while comparing me to my friend.
The government's announcement of the withdrawal of the student á allowances in 1984.
I was really angry when the President general of UNZASU was á arrested by policemen.
[ When some difference of opinion occurs in a silly situation.]  á 
When my mother scolded me for coming home late
When my boyfriend told me that it would be difficult for him to á marry me.
Someone borrowed my textbook and deliberately did not return it.
Bad food in the students' dining hall.
Someone messing up the room we share.
Insulted by the class leader.
Tripped on a busy street.
Seeing this badly made questionnaire.
People having a football match outside the window during the á lecture.
A father helping his kid to fight other kids.
My mother and my sister carried on picking at me all day long for á no reason at all and I ended up getting angry.
A friend of mine came to visit and stayed with my roommate and me. á My roommate and she became good friends. After she left
I felt anger at my roommate due to his habit of leaving dirty á dishes in the sink and generally not cleaning after himself.
Going to Cowell Hospital and finding out tediously that I had a á stress fracture. The anger came when the senile doctors found out á 4 weeks later that I had 2 stress fractures in one foot and á should have had crutches. I was in distinct pain and barely could á walk to classes. They said it would be better in 2 weeks.
When I found out my cousin had been killed. I was angry at the á world
I caught a \peeping tom\" at my window when I was getting á
I am currently taking CS 50P. I had to finish a couple of á assignments but I was hindered because I could not get a passing á score on my program.
During a dance someone slashed my tires and dumped paint on my á car. I had four other friends with me that I drove and á furthermore it was raining.
I was called racial slurs behind my back.
A friend doesn't let me study when I want to. She doesn't feel I á need to study and doesn't understand how important studying is to á me. I get very angry with her.
I came home one day and discovered that my sister had borrowed my á car and had gotten into an accident with it. My entire front á bumper was destroyed.
I live with my sister now and sometimes she angers me especially á when she thinks I don't keep the apt. clean enough.
Last semester when I dated a girl whom I've known for almost a á year. However one night she said she wanted us to be \just á
My roommate leaving my drawers in a mess after plowing thourgh á them looking for something.
When someone threw a firecracker into my room at 7:00 am in the á morning.
I was supposed to meet my girlfriend at a pre-arranged place but á it took me an hour to find her.
When I found out that my good friend and roommate did not pay the á phone bill and electric bill like he promised and let me down.
When the person I'm having the affair with won't talk to me in á public.
When people would tell me that my ex-girlfriend was playing á around on me.
My peers didn't want me to meet someone during rush for fear that á I would give her a bad outlook on our Sororoty house. I shouldn't á have seen this
I had worked long and hard on a project when a friend á inadvertantly destroyed it. I could not forgive him for a long á time. And at times still get angry at him.
I went out dancing and found my boyfriend kissing another girl.
This summer I got into a fight with one of our patrons (at a á theatre). He hit me and I hit him and her friend
When someone told a secret I told them not to tell.
After a long trip in my dad's van without incident I stopped to á fill the tank with gas and dented the side of the van against the á pole. Then my cars electrical system would not work when I tried á to drive home from his house.
A time when
A month ago when one of my fellow workers got a promotion over á me. It was just a small promotion but recognition was involved.
I can't remember being truly angry. Usually it's just á disappointment that I feel. One situation would be with my á brother. He and I used to be close but now he seems to be á avoiding me.
Physically fighting with my girlfriend because she just walked á out of a room of my friends and had pushed and cursed at me when á I went to find her.
When a close friend did not write.
While I was away for the weekend some friends went into my room á and played my very expensive stereo without asking me or my á roommate.
I bought a new bed for my apt. and it squeaks when you move on á it. I tried to fix it but could not.
I had been searching for housing for Fall at UCB and I was á finally offered a place - then an ordeal followed
When some friends betrayed my friendship.
Argument with roommate over a lock he had put on kitchen cupboard á without telling anyone.
When a friend carelessly broke and object in my parent's house á and did not apologize
I received a poor grade on a midterm even though I got all the á right answers and knew the material. I went to the TA to try to á raise my grade and he wouldn't do it.
A co-worker and I had to rush a project. I was only working there á for one month and he for some years. Instead of letting me know á that he wanted to do the project himself
I had just seen my pseudo-girlfriend and our conversation angered á me greatly.
While studying chemistry with a friend we became angry with á eachother because we were both fed up.
I was really pissed when the Russians boycotted the '84 Olympics. á I had anger towards them and Jimmy Crter. I was very anxious to á see it.
When I was faced with writing an essay and I didn't want to do it á I was angry that I had to write an essay and angry at myself for á not having the time to write a good essay.
One of my friends kept criticizing me about everything I did. I á thought she was kidding
I typed up a letter for this physician at work. She didn't care á for my style
My boyfriend breaking up with me about 7 months after I had an á abortion. Just the fact that he was ignoring me and continued to á do so.
When my roommate's boyfriend assaulted me. He was threatening me
When someone tried to rape one of my best friends and he claimed á it was her fault. He the hassled her
When my roommate's moped was stolen I was very angry.
We are repainting rooms in my house. My mother started to enact á plans to paint my room without consulting me.
I was rushing home from school because there was a 49er game that á night. I got into a non-injury accident
After I said something that my boyfriend disagreed with
Sometimes when I go to work my crazy boss (a hyper Jewish lawyer) á insists I do things his way (filing
Same situation as before - having my car stolen.
Having my personal objects rearranged by someone else without my á consent and having it arranged to their taste. Then trying to á find a particular object they rearranged for an hour or more.
I came out of the house at 7:20 am Monday morning getting ready t á go to school and fight for a parking when I saw my car had a flat á tire.
I was stood up for a date function by someone who I really cared á for.
When my dad told me about something he had done against my á mother.
When I failed my S.S.C exam.
I was angry at my brother over an argument we had together.  We á do have a few fights from time to time
I felt angry when my mother-in-law did not handle my daughter á properly and she fell down from the bed and hurt her head.
When my father talks about our relatives and favours them
I was walking on a street alone in the afternoon when there were á not too many people on the street.  A couple of guys were á following me and I was ignoring them.  Suddenly one of them came á in front of me and started using dirty language and harrassing á me.  I got very angry and wanted to strike back at them.
[ I feel angry when somebody is unjust to me.]
I was angry this morning when I missed the train to university.
I was to meet a friend at the bus-stop (he was coming to visit á us) and he did not turn up.  After having waited for him for some time     á (about an hour) I called him up
When my friend promised that she would come to my place
I was having an argument with my brother on his behavior
When I failed the M.S.C exams.
A few months ago when I was teaching
When I was at S.Y.Bajaj I wanted to get admission in another á college and this was not easy and I felt angry. 
One of my friends asked me to go shopping with her
I am separated from my husband.  The way he has behaved towards á me makes me angry.
A girl whom I trusted and with whom I had shared personal
One morning I was standing at the bus-stop and the bus passed by á without stopping
I was not given a chance to explain to my close relatives as to á why I could not go to visit them when they were ill.  When I did á go
Uncleaniness at my work place.  The place is generally not very á clean
When the others did not do their bit of work on a group á assignment task
When I was insulted by a man.
When I was blamed for some of my attributes which are very often á misunderstood
When a relative
My friend and I were to attend a very important meeting and he á had promised to come and pick me up.  But he did not turn up and á I felt very angry at him.
I was very angry one day when my husband ignored me and slept      á on a separate bed.  He had no reasons to doubt me or to neglect á me and I had never imagined that he could do such a thing.
I remember that when I was in school I saw a case of partiality - á one of the teachers gave private coaching classes to some girls á and she would give these girls extra attention in class and would á ignore the others.
[ This emotion has never been an intense one
I experience this emotion quite often but the day I was most á angry was the day I got pulled up for something I had not done.  á It happened during my school days
A new gas connection was to be installed and the mechanic who came á to do it was very rude to my mother and me.  I rushed to thhe á dealer with my mother and had a fight with the dealer as he á seemed to be unreasonable and was taking the mechanic's side.  á Ultimately the matter was resolved after my father went and spoke á to him.  The mechanic was asked to apologize.
When I saw a few people beating a man who seemed to be a á stranger.
Despite our good performance and excellent results the management á refused to meet our demands.
One day my elder brother badly scolded my father.  This was the á first time that I heard such abusive language from my brother.  I á requested him humbly not to use this kind of language but he did á not care for what I was saying.  Finally I picked up an axe to use á against him
When I was doing research a few months ago
[ On discovering the red-tapism and the bureaucratic
I felt angry when repeated pleas to the ticket collector and the á co-passengers in order to make a queue fell on deaf ears.  I have á this feeling whenever someone is not disciplined and methodic in á doing his duty.
I was travelling from Delhi to Bombay.  I had booked a seat one á month back and I had also got a telegram confirming this.  á However
I had made an error in planning a programme and had publicly á accepted the mistake
A few days back a friend of mine poked me in the ribs for fun's á sake
When I was punished in school for no serious mistake of mine.
One day my room-mate started imitating me
This was the worst incident of my hostel life.  I was insulted by á a close friend of mine on the eve of the New year and it totally á spoiled my New year's night.
Once a friend had pushed me and I had fallen on to a window which á then broke.  I was taken to tthe principal's office and he á accused me of having broken the window.
During the short period of my unemployment about six years back.
When I was dancing with a dame at a social
Once I had an argument with my friends and I knew that I was á right.  My friends went on arguing with me even though they did á not know the right thing.
[ During my childhood when I could not get what I wanted from my á brother/sister and parents.]
[ Ther are many instances which are all equally irritating.]
Sometime ago I felt very angry when my mother wrote me telling me á that my elder sister was messing up things at home by her á internalised aggressive attitude towards parents and her husband.
Somebody wanted to beat my brother at a wedding ceremony and I á was trying to protect my brother but the other man was calling á names to both of us.
It happened that my brother promised to give me money for school á and then he told me that he had failed to fulfil his promise a á day before school started. I became so angry for I thought my á future would be ruined.
Somebody was blaming me of a story which was not real and not á true.
We were just about to go into the Exam room and I didn't see all á my writing materials plus the identification card from the place á where I left them.
An old lady slipped and nobody helped her.
Insulted by disgusting people.
My class leader told me I am not chosen for your English á lectures.
People not cueing in the dining hall.
A classmate told me I must have bribed the class leader to let me á go to your English lecture.
Insulted by some stupid people.
I was most angry when India lost the Triangular Cricket trophy á held in Australia.  I was so angry that I fought (orally) with my á friend.
When my neighbours accused my brother of stealing their á rose-bush
I missed an opportunity to go abroad because of some silly á mistakes for which I had to suffer a lot.
When I got low marks in B.Sc final.
This also happened when I was very small.  I was beaten up by my  á mother for no fault of mine
I was very angry when my friend lost my practical's journal
When I was teased by my friend for not scoring good marks in the á exams.
I wanted to go to Bhopal for relief work (gas tragedy).  My boss á simply refused to let me go
I was the compere at a party and all my efforts to get the show á rolling were thwarted by the immobile
[ When bad and disgusting language is uttered by people
When an acquaintance of mine beat up another person for no just á reason
I felt angry when my only pair of trousers was stolen and could á not be able to find out who the thief was or anyone who knew á about the story.
My young brother took my wristwatch in my abscence and sold it to á his friend at a cheaper price.
There is a mad boy in our village. This boy hit me with a raw á paw-paw in the face.
I once caught a letter in my girlfriend's handbag from a certain á man. I felt anger.
A certain Area Party Secretary came home in the morning and said á we had to leave our home and build somewhere and the reason á being that they wanted to establish a market. The Chairman knew á nothing about it and was very angry.
It was in March 1985 when one of my fellow students borrowed my á wristwatch and after sometime he broke a glass of that watch I á got angry when he was telling me but the anger didn't take long á to fade.
The emotion came when a certain boy opened my locker without my á knowledge.
This situation happened when my friend John ate my banana which I á kept in the cupboard.
I felt angry when I was told that I had not been selected to go á to the University.
My girlfriend mentioned a certain girl's name who was my girl á some time back and she is no longer mine that she said she was á still mine.
My lovely girlfriend double-crossed me and so that I found her á chatting with another guy.
I was angry when I heard that my only girl was going about with á another man. So I decided to drop her but later the story came to á be untrue.
When I was charmed by my relatives.
I felt angry when I heard that my sister had failed the á Examinations which we hoped she was going to pass with á distinctions.
I was very angry when I heard that my brother was beaten by his á friends.á 
I planned to travel a distance of 20 kilometres on my bike. I á planned this when I was working in the hospital. When I went to á the house I found that a friend had taken my bike without my á consent.
I was very angry when one day I went to see my girlfriend I á talked to her and could not answer back. She was depressed for á reasons which were not known to me.
I once was accused of falling in love with someone's girlfriend á which was not true because the girl was just a friend of mine.
It was when my Instructor awoke me late at night to get prepared á for the training at Military college when he was coming back from á his personal social activities.
I experienced this when one of my friends reported to the á Headmaster that I had gone out for beer
I was once this week angry when soemone trying to compress my á mind due to his nonsense speech which himself could not tolerate á at all.
It was when my friend had stolen my money (K10) and had á disappeared.
I felt very angry after one driver had run over my beloved niece.
When I heard that I was not to be provided with another pair of á medical uniform.
An incident occurred to me when I was going home with my á girlfriend. On the way
When they put the blame on me when I scored the third goal at the á match.
It was at Malawi Army
When I was doing my last year at Secondary School I was robbed of á my clothes
When a classmate hit me on my occipital region when I was busy á studying and concentrating on my classnotes.
One day I was really angry when all my food was eaten by a dog. á My anger was against my mother because she was careless. She á didn't keep the food in a hidden and proper place.
I was angered by a classmate who poured soup on to my clothes. He á was trying to use a short-cut method in getting his supper. á Coming behind my back
Someone told a lie that I had stolen his money.
There was a cup final match between Limbe Leaf Wanderers and á Silver Strikers and someone promised to give me some money for á admission fee to watch this game. Unfortunately he did not give á me.
Brother took my money to use for his own purposes.
When someone took my writing materials yet I was to write á Examinations in a few minutes.
I felt angry at one time when I was chatting with friends and á suddenly another friend joined us and started opposing any á comment I added to our chatting.
My best friend started moving out with my boyfriend. When I heard á this my heart sank because I didn't expect that my own good á friend could do such a thing
This was when my boyfriend told me that I was double-crossing him á with a certain boy.
When a little brother of mine damaged a cassette.
During the Xmas holiday
One day I was angry with my friend who went into my drawer and á took a piece of paper on which I wanted to write a letter and á used it for her business without my knowledge.
Last week a friend of mine called on me and said I was moody and á difficult to persuade. With this I got angry with her.
When I damaged my wristwatch which I liked very much.
It was during the beginning of the term. I had K100 and kept it á in my handbag. I left the handbag in the wardrobe but didn't á lock it. Next time I found that K30 were stolen.
I went to a fair where a guy who was drunk kept bothering me and á in the end I got really angry.
I wrote an Exam and happened to have not done as well as I á thought I would. I was angry to myself for not having done so á well.
I was angry when someone stole a magazine which I had borrowed á from another friend and locked it in a drawer.
I was angry when my friends said that I should not receive á Nursing Science books because there was a rumour that I was á intending to leave the college.
I was angry when somebody stole my half petticoat.
A tailor ran away with my skirt.
Sometime back another girl who was in terms with my ex-boyfriend á came to shout at me at twelve midnight. It was because she á thought I was still interested in the boy.
I was furious when the teacher pointed out in class that I á was the quietest girl in class.
I was angry when my boyfriend did not turn up as promised.
I had been in love with a certain young man who pretended to love á me but one day I found out that he had another girlfriend who was á also a friend of mine.
The headmistress at a secondary school accused me of banging the á classroom door when I didn't in front of the whole class.
When my dress was stolen.
I was angry at the Cafeteria when the cook scolded and said many á bad things about me without reason. He thought I was among the á girls who did him wrong.
When a certain boy went about saying that I am his girlfriend. I á wrote him an insulting letter to him and called him names.
A certain man went to my parents and told them that I was married á here
I was angry the other day because the teacher told me to sweep á some orange peels. It was my friends who were supposed to sweep
I was angry when I had not been granted a leave out pass during á the last weekend.
Somebody took my wristwatch and promised to have it mended and á later was telling me that he couldn't give it back to me because I was á rude at a certain time.
The patient whom I expected to get well suddenly passed away á after he showed had his meals.
I was so angry with a patient who refused to take drugs.
I felt angry when my friend told me that I had stolen her money.
One of my friends went and told another friend of mine that I was á going abut with another guy in Lilongwe besides the one I had. á She said I was seen with him hand in hand.
It was when I discovered that my boyfriend had another girl. I á discovered it through a letter he wrote to the girl when he was á away. When I asked him he accepted it.
Made mistakes in exam.
My friend misunderstood me.
Listening to long speech of the party leaders wasting my time.
My bed sheet (present of my parents) damaged by roommate.
South Korea winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympic (more á than China).
Too many people in TV room
I could not find my monthly tickets for the bus when I was on the á bus.
Bus conductor insulted me for not buying a ticket (I forgot).
Saw in the TV South Korea cheating in the Asian Olympic games.
South Korea cheating for gold medals.
Overhear people talking about me and saying that I am stupid.
Someone called me a disgusting nickname.
A friend forgot his appointment with me.
Misunderstood deliberately by a close friend.
My roommate was rude to me.
I was told to do something I did not want to do.
Insulted by teacher.
A classmate damaged ma iron and tried to hide the damage.
Korean judges cheating.
Heard about someone telling lies about me to my best friend.
My class leader told me the university won't let all of us go to á your lectures because we are not All English Class.
My parents do not like my friend and told me not to go out with á him.
Being sexually assulted on a bus.
Being insulted in public.
Misunderstood by a close friend for the wrong reason.
Made a statement that other people did not believe.
Being put down by the class leaders.
Finding out that I was deceived by a friend.
Bought something bad from the shop and they refused to change it.
Saw some young people fighting for seats on a bus.
Falling in love although she is my friend (angry with myself).
I wanted to borrow lecture notes from a friend and he did not á lend me them.
Insulted for no reason.
Told by some people the class leader only choose his friends (not á true).
Failed to be elected to be a class leader.
Had an argument with my classmate for borrowed books.
Being refused to attend the neuropsychology lecture in the á medical university.
Someone told me we are not as good as the All English Class.
Found out that someone I knew well has been misunderstanding me á for 2 years.
Being insulted in front of my parents
Some classmates said I did not do enough social work. Therefore I á was not elected as a \Tree Good\" student."
Being insulted by my roommate (she is in the English Class).
Saw my unfair report.
My roommate being unconsiderate.
Punished by a leader.
Finding out about some girls who have been nice to the class á leader in order to go to the neuropsychology lectures (English á ones).
Had an insulting letter from my father.
Someone talking about me at my back.
Being told that I have not got a personality.
Insulted by other people in the shop.
Being mistreated by other people.
Being told that I am a stupid person.
Being sexually assulted on a bus and noone helped (people only á laughed).
Some boys deliberately played tricks on me in the experiments. 
Your prejudice against psychology students and education students á (not allowing us to go to the medical university lectures).
Being insulted in public for the wrong reason.
Misunderstood by friends.
Some foreign students playing loud music before the biology á examn.
Quarreling with classmates.
Someone told me that I was chosen for English lectures because á the class leader is going out with me (not true).
My best friend betrayed me and told other people my secrets.
Being insulted by my roommate.
People not resprcting my opinion.
Being insulted on a bus.
My parents do not like my friend and told me to stay away from á him.
I quarrelled with my brothers (twins) at home on saturday.  One á of them studies in a private school and the other one is á repeating his form five.  They do not know what they are doing.  á They follow every word of their teachers
I had left a student newspaper of the Chinese university on the á table of the library.  It had disappeared when I came back.
I had too much homework and examinations and I did not know how á to organize my work.
In the student's union there was someone who took the photocopies á of two large volumes.  I asked him to let me take a few
Last week
When I was concentrating on my work
I had planned to study for my mid-term exams on a certain day and  á my room-mate called me to ask me to go out for a stroll.  I tried á to make an excuse so as not to go out but she refused to listen á to me and insisted that I go out with her.  I find it unnecessary  á to talk to her anymore.á 
The trick was really intolerable.  They hid it
I was scolded by my mother for no reason.
I had a date with a friend to see a movie and my friend was late. á  I waited for a long hour and was very angry.
Before the certificate examination I was very poor in Biology á (the worst result in my class).  Ever since F.5 it had been á getting poorer and poorer.  I had tried my best and had spent á most of my time studying this subject.  Finally my results were á so bad that I thought that it was just not fair.
Before the department meeting my friend ate a dish that I had á prepared for this meeting.
My elder brother often criticizes my mother's cooking.  Once he á did it very impolitely and lost his temper.  I was very angry and I scolded him.  He asked me not á to interfere with what was his buisness.
Mr C took my drawing pens
My cassmate laughed at me when I was being scolded by the á teacher.
When I was studying in the library - preparing for a test
One night I could not practise my violin as my family was á watching T.V with the lights off
When I came back to my hostel
My classmate always borrowed my notes and would not return it to á me on time.  When I had a test she was selfish and irresponsible á and so delayed my studies.
I gave tutorial to a student and I found that he was lazy
My classmate used her personal relations to get a seat for a á subject that I wanted also.  I had taken the pains to help him á apply and I did not get selected.  I did not like this as he had á not told me the facts earlier
Something was stolen.
My intimate girlfriend told me that her father was opposed to our á relationship  and had insulted my integrity.
Someone played a trick on me.
I worked with several classmates on a project.  I was very á anxious about the project while my partners showed no concern  á and when we had meetings on the project my classmates  did not á pay any attention.  Some of them read books while the others á argued on irrelevant questions.  The meeting would go on for two á hours without the main theme being discussed.  We wasted time and á could not reach a compromise.  My classmates avoided doing the á work and the responsibilities
My girlfriend disliked it when I played majong (a game of gambling).  á I expressed my regrets and when I went to see her she neglected my á existance.  I was very angry and left in displeasure.
During a football match
Yesterday I read in the newspaper that a 30 year old woman had á abused her 2 month old son and had caused his death.  I was very á angry after reading this as this is not a human act and to abuse á so fragile a life is not a forgivable sin.
[ Whenever I put myself in other's shoes and try to make the á person happy
When I learnt that a friend of mine had talked about me to á another friend and had said wrong things about my abilities and á attitudes.  I was very angry.
One day
Once my father slapped my mother for a small quarrel.
A female classmate was always late for meetings which were for á the homework and not social gatherings.  We were very busy and á the deadline was close but we had to waste half an hour or an á hour waiting for her as we could do nothing else then.
One day I had sunned my favourite shirt and was putting it back á in the wardrobe when my younger brother snatched it from me and á wore it.  He had not had a bath and was very dirty.  I scolded him á but he answered back and locked himself up in a room.  I was very á angry so I starteed kicking on the door and abusing him loudly á and freely.
I had a very good friend in secondary school.  The year after our á graduation I prepared to celebrate her birthday and I called off á all my appointments.  I got together the other friends and we á were ready to give the entire day to her.  However this friend á disappeared on her birthday.  When I phoned another friend I á didcovered thay she was busy
My sister once stole my mother's money and made her very angry.  á After this my mother would beat her up for unreasonable reasons.  á One day my sister lent her book to a friend without telling my á mother about it.  When my mother learnt this she beat her up and á even threatened her with a pair of scissors.  
When I was in F4 I played a basket-ball match against another á school's team.  One of their team members kicked a team-mate of á mine so I kicked him back and we had a fight with each other.
I had a date with my girlfriend
I was a prefect at secondary school.  On the sports day I told á others that I would take down the names of the people who á misbehaved and after some time I sat down for a brief rest.  á Suddenly the head prefect came and scolded me in front of others. á  I was very angry as there were other prefects sitting and he á picked on me.  I thought that a brief rest was not  serious á enough to be blamed.
When I got into a bus I found that my wallet had been stolen. á It was not a great loss from the monetary point of view but I á lost some documents - identity papers.  As a result I had to á spend several days in order to get a new one.  I will always á remember all the work I had to do and the bad treatment I á suffered because of the bureaucratic behaviour of the civil á servant.  I had already had bad luck and they treated me like a á criminal.   At one point of time I really wanted to quarrel with á them.
The day the results of the Chinese university was announced I á should have been very happy; however my grandmother
Last week I had planned to play tennis and had booked a tennis á court.   However when I arrived at the university gym the clerk á told me that the court was being used for lessons.
My friend often played a joke on me and sometimes I thought that á he was a nonsensical person. Once when we went to a friend's á house he walked in first and shut the door firmly behind him.  I á felt that he did not respect me and moreover I was his friend so á he should not have behaved like that.  I was very angry (as it is á I was in a bad mood then).
We had fixed time for practice as we had to participate in the á inter-department song contest.  I arrived and found that there á was nobody there.  When I went to the canteen I found them eating á lunch.  I was so angry that I aired my greviances to one of them á and then left.
Whenever my father smokes the smell makes me feel very á uncomfortable.  He never listens to my complaints and I curse him á furiously in my mind.  I cannot solve this problem by violence á because of traditional moral values.  
I came across a girl at the school bus-stop
My friend half-teasingly called me a bad nickname.  I felt á insulted and kicked his hip in anger.  I was stable later and did á not feel angry at him.  In fact I was afraid that the other á friends who were with us would think that I was an intolerant á person.  However I could not apologize
Someone spread rumours about me.
When I saw that my bed at the hostel was a mess I guessed that á someone else had used my daily necessities.  I felt that my  personal á sanity had been affected.
The surname of my brother was different from ours.  He often á grinned at home and provoked others for the pleasure of it.  This á made me angry.
In September 1984
Two years back someone invited me to be the tutor of her á grand-daughter.  The grand-daughter asked me some questions in á mathematics so I taught her.  However she did not listen to me á and this made me feel unhappy.  The second year it was the same.  á When I entered university the girl's parents suggested that I be á employed as their daghters tutor.  They told me that at university  á there was no homework and I would have a lot of time so they á made a time-table  for me which required me to be the tutor five á days a week.  They did not respect me and anyway I had another á child to teach.
fuckin'm transtelecom
Working   But it's Fridaaaayyyyy
Packing  I don't like it..
I tried to dye my hair and all i got was a blond chunk in the front middle part of my hair. Dang.
&quot;locked up abroad&quot; makes bein half brown good risk mgmt when travelin 3rd world. i blend. i feel sorry for my hostage magnet white pepo
@LouGagliardi  damned hordies
@bcollinstattoo yes, boo for soar throats and earaches!
My stomach is all EXPLODE from the wendys  why is everything that tastes good bad for you?
@rmilana Hey, Wahts happening in coffeclub..? I didnt have coffee for two days now  @dharshana
Did a historical Jesus ever exist? Im finding it hard to prove, its all hearsay accounts ... it bugs me ...
lost all my files since high school.
i hav a chance to win $10, $100, $1000.  i was given a free can of $ plant..have to wait till the plant grow to know if i won anythin!!?!
i never knew a dentention was so hard 2 get
@drakesizzle  If you don't want to come then don't come. JEEEEEZ.
@_supernatural_ more Demon Sam!! I need it to numb the pain  xXx
@LeahMul awh, thats not good,   get better soon!
stuck in stupid Jeuno with flag up.  Wish I was in Windy fishing
@mikeavila ack! I just read about your show  that's horrible!!! No accounting for taste.
@Greenwichlad Oh let me clarify,know lots of nice people who live there, but thought it always was a breeding ground 4 BNP
Confuzzled
The toaster oven was my fault. Now I'm going to look like an idiot in front of my father.
@eboogiee smh Your whin with that comment
@_hayles are u serious???? you touched his arse? ohmygod u bitch!!! lol aaaaawwwwwww y did u tell me that!!!
@mashable Link to ff &quot;how it works&quot; is broke!
aaaaaaaaaaa McFly
Shout out to my moms for wakin me up so prematurely! Preciate it
Stupid red hair is too difficult on the upkeep. Re-dyed it a more manageable brown-red. Boo
has a VERY arduous task to accomplish at work...stuff that should have already been done &amp; as usual it hasn't. Not because of me either.
@wmdev Every time I succeed with a code, I get &quot;We're Sorry. Your Credit Card Has Been Declined at this time.&quot;
@jamie_oliver  I was off by one year. I really wanted some of Jamies cooking books in ENGLISH!!!! not German.
@aranarose Murphy's Law?  Sorry that your computer is not cooperating when you have lots of work. My kids are .. ://tinyurl.com/km235x
@BigCatJared   What did I do to you!  sheesh
studying for this bullshit econ test
Internet is painfully slow today
@cindaxo the straightener's another 110 pounds though. Seems pricey
MOtherfuck QW
No gas PLUS no money = Desperation!!!   and that's the word of the day!  ://twitpic.com/66zls
Very bad things.......I need to stop thinking!
@anz_rocks19  i have to break the twitterparty... im off home soon
@msaysrawr *points at the gear question I just posted* I cant get the rest of my Dreadweave set
The &quot;Catch Me If You Can&quot; DVD that I rented from Blockbuster.com yesterday was cracked. Figured it out about 35 minutes into the movie.
It's so annoying when I want to go see The Sats, @OfficialJoBros and @ddlovato in concert..but I know I'LL Have to pay
i hella wanted a sausage mcmuffin but when i gt there breakfast was over
twitterfails fucking hard right now...this is annoying
im writing an exam on a SATURDAY  that should be illegal  where's my weekend?
@egheitasean Which denomination? I'm at the library and everything's blocked.
bout to go to work with a wicked sunburn on the chest.
Wow, I'm really bored... and pissed I left my library card when I had to take the Booky Wook back...
@kristanmarie at least you dont have quad parking haha two cars drove by real fast and spashed mud all over me
Grabbing a snack and a drink at chili's, but the power just went out. Before I got my food!
@playspymaster I want an invite - sick of seeing all these links for people playing and being left out
thingsmummysaid my mummy told me she never wnted to be my mummy ever again  so i live wid my dad i think ?? it all confusing
@tommcfly Why do you not respond me?
Big Laptop is too big, so it's time to switch to the Eee.  Bye big guy
People at work are stressing me out.
@FafsaHelp i don't know what lender it was? yea these people definitely sucked butt toes. NOT friendly or helpful.
Wish my headache/almost migraine would go away!
Gah, I sprained my LEFT ankle... Just after I got over the torn ligament for my right foot. Looks like it's back to walking with a cane
My throat is on fire
sam and sean are teasing me saying they are gonna get wings without me
never does  anything good school and rabbit it my life cycle dunno how to tune a giutar so i am stuffed
@janae24 lol! y does ur tweet sound like ur voice yelling at me  lol!
Gah! I left my glasses at work and reading is giving me a headache.  I can't believe how much I need them these days.  Old age.
And you could have it all, my empire of dirt! I'm in a&amp;e with dad I'm freezing fully shivering Every1 else is warm  no fones allowed ffs!
@porcelain_baby @Christomopher your not talking about your obsession with me right???
@JennyTaylor94  yer it is...poor little cock  but she well doesnt deserve the stick off everyone! cowell once again going against producer
Had a shower. it's 5:55 PM. Triple 5's! Crap, it just turned 5:56
@ACMcWhale I always feel guilty about it
seriously why did mum make me eat yeah i have a weird eating habit of not eating all day but really
@natss91 kill me as soon as you get here ,ok? my sister is having a sleepover tonight  and her obnoxious friends are driving me insane
rught brb on me ipod. if i randomly go off its cos me internet breaks
at famous dave's with my mom. so hungry.
@maddsie Thanks, none close to me.
I am beginning to think sun blcok is a haox.
Just found out my parents are putting down my dog tomorrow morning. Upset
Apperently ea knows my copy of the sims 3 is not legit and is upset
FUCK. slept in
my sisters fucking pc, just blued screened me
@PENLDN just got in, gonna go upto bed in a sec, not drunk! I'm disgusted with myself  haha
too sick for rigging tomorrow.
UUUUUGH!!! I HATE I MISSED @WAYNEDASTAR INTERVIEW!!! I WASNT AT HOME!!! DARN!!!
Sitting in traffic while my car gets rained on. Just washed it on Sunday. Doesn't the weather know this is California?
finally home for once after a dope ass week
@eminem ://twitpic.com/4j585 - Guess I need to get me an iPhone now for sure!!!  It looks bad ass!!
@paulmoxham everything is your fault moxy...everything.   x
finally getting sleepy right when the sky brightens ... figures! G'nimorning
is downloading new fonts . again  ://plurk.com/p/rplkr
So, what's so great bout your so called 'wonderful love life'?  For god sake, W-A-T-E-V-A!
@stevebiddle I used to be - but that was a while ago now - your argument is pretty sound for a trolley pusher
Monday...Funday!  Wake up people...and keep me awake please   Today is going to be a long one..I can already feel it. Eww
@taylorswift13 Hello, yourself. Enjoy London. Watch out for the Hackneys. They're mental.
@iaindodsworth Told you that when you got rid of the last one. Did you listen
wakey wakey lemon shakeyyyy!  haha, goin' 2 schooliooo!  it's raining!! (ugh!) guess where I WISH I CAN BE RIGHT NOW....CaLiFoRNiA! ???
@olafsearson Lol - I could try!  Seriously tho, dont do all of it! That sucks! xx
@taylorswift13 jet lag must be soo annoyingg! im in uk timee  welcome to ukkkkk  are u coming to scotland at all  ? xxxx
knows its all going to sort itself out
omg! goooood ass nappy nap  jusss woke up bout 2 clean up a lil then get ready
@rockchick0125 yup!  Now I can join in on the nin access fun!
@Buddy021193 i hear you.. it pisses me off haha
@PirateTimmy hopefully it don't go that far  sometimes I feel like renouncing my roots
had a kickass day full of Seaworld, retarded 15 year old guys, and X-Men Origins. Win day?
OIL IS CHANGED!  And I am filthy.    But it's an accomplished filthy.
@roberto121 that's some serious shit steve. why didn't you send me pictures or call me!! You know i love a good yard sale.
@brainofdane DUDE.  You're a hax0r!!!1!  You should put Final Cut Pro on there and tell me how stable it is
Just sittin here waitin for my coffee to be full grown on farm town before going to bed
my gawwddd ! 6 headshotss inna row? im on fyaaahhh!
I'm way to sleepy.. Ill watch my shows lata..Good nite twit-fam!.. God bless!..XoXo
@NerdIndian Take that back. I am insulted.
@anieszkaa haha i did a ltiitle bit yesterday and ive been out all day  so i think ima chick an allnighter  hahaha NOT COOL
@johncmayer you are one of my favorite musicians/artists ever!! Please keep up the great work John
