disgusting
very disgusting
very very disgusting
The time I knocked a deer down - the sight of the animal's á injuries and helplessness.  The realization that the animal was á so badly hurt that it had to be put down
When I saw all the very drunk kids (13-14 years old) in town on á Walpurgis night.
At a gathering I found myself involuntarily sitting next to two á people who expressed opinions that I considered very low and á discriminating.
When I found a bristle in the liver paste tube.
When one finds out that someone you know is not at all like one á had thought
Friends who torture animals.
When I nearly walked on a blindworm and then saw it crawl away.
A drunkard fell
When one learns through the mass media all the wars and killing á going on in the world.
When I had just moved into my new appartment I found a ventilator á in the kitchen.  I was going to clean it when I found that the á drum was full of mud and slime.  I felt disgusted.
I saw a cripple in rags with small children in Italy.  He was á probably an imposter.
I found some worms in the food and I had obviously eaten some.
When an alcoholic stood dribbling over a food counter.
A bad smelling cucumber.
It was when I read a newspaper article on the future and they á foresaw that we would be eating frog-burgers by the year 2000.  á An illustration showed a frog between two pieces of bread.
When someone makes advances that one does not want.
When a dog is left whining outside a shop.
While walking in town I noticed how the police harrassed a man á who was under the influence of alcohol.  They terrified him with á the thought of arrest by driving close behind him on a pedestrian á street.  My disgust was directed at the gestures and the facial á expressions of the policemen; they seemed to be enjoying á themselves.
At a Sm÷rgasbord table
When I was weeding the garden I found a lizard in my hand.
When I saw a picture
Grovelling people.
Observing someone in the cafeteria noisily gulping in his food
I felt some disgust for my boyfriend for a time
Not applicable.
In the tram there was a fat
My superior at the summer job swindled customers as much as he á could
At the underground station
In the evening
Out of sheer curiosity
[ Normally I do not feel disgusted.]
Dog dirt which thaws in the spring.
[ Can not think of any situation.]
[ Can not remember.]
If a guy one is not interested in makes advances.
Someone vomited on the street.
When I saw a dog which had been knocked down by a car.
When I was on holiday someone vomited in front of me.
I was forced to stay in the canteen and eat the food that I had á not asked for but got it anyway.
In a warm bus full of people
When I read a newspaper article on a young girl who had been á raped and assaulted one night by several men when she was unconscious.
When I slept with a guy because my best friend wanted me to.  á He had never had intercourse with anyone and had a terrible á complex about it.
When a member of the family complains about the food that is á served
When I was working as a nurse in a mental hospital
At a certain person's lack of cleanliness
My parents attitude towards each other when they should become á reconciled
When I was about to clean the draining board and saw it looked á underneath the sink (I live in a students hostel).
A mother who shouts at her child for nothing.
When I saw a big spider from very close.
The first time that I saw a surgeon cut off a leg and put it in a á black rubbish bag.
T.V features showing the violation of defenceless people.
Spit and vomit.
A study visit to a chicken factory : the butchery
When programmes on violence or pornography are shown on T.V.
A film were a woman was attacked and raped.  One did not see the á worst but it had the desired effect - very strong.
When my cat vomited and a worm came out which was still alive.  I á was forced to wipe it up.
Disgust is a feeling that I have never experienced with peoplie á but 
At the police centre a man between 40-50 was brought in.  He was á very drunk and in all likelihood had not slept indoors for a long á time and had relieved himself in his trousers.
I had some sort of a stomach virus last week and  I vomited in á college in the morning
When I think now about the way my father behaved when filing a á divorce.
When I tried to explain to my child as to why there were á magazines wiith naked girls on them at the kiosk.
When I saw a T.V programme on animals in the film world á (mistreated and used).
When I read racist slogans on the walls.
When I was an auxiliary nurse at the hospital and I had to change á the nappies
When I woke up one morning and went to the kitchen I discovered á that our dog had diarrhoea.  There were small \piles\" all over á
The lift of Stockholm central station stank of vomit and urine.
I was dominated by a certain person and even though I knew it I á could not change my own reactions.
A friend unjustly put the blame on me to relieve his conscience á and also spread lies for the same purpose.
When I discovered that the house we had hired in Tonga was full á of cockroaches.
 The smell of garlic in rush-hour bus.
I happened to see the video-tape movie \This is America - Part á
During the week-end at home
When I went home by train from Sicilia
A friend's boy-friend treated her very badly
It was in a tramway-carriage: A stranger insulted a girl just á because she blew her nose. I detested his behaviour.
I came across a group of people with the same basic ideas/beliefs á who were all fighting and going against what they would say was á good.
During a movie in which I saw the effect of white settlers in á Africa.
At what I was capable of of selfishly using others for sexual á encounters
I work part-time as a shop-assistant and a customer spoke to me á very loudly about an Indian man & white woman with children - how á horrible that was and would I want to have little dark children.
Coming home one night - my sister was home
When I saw all the starving people in Ethiopia on T.V.  It felt á awful to see such suffering.
[ ]
When my uncle comes (3 times a year) for the traditional á Christmas dinner with my grandparents and other relatives and is á very drunk.
Very intoxicated men who incite each other to fight.   I met a á vile smelling man on the tram who got closer and closer to me á till I got up
I worked in a harbour and emptied latrine containers from the á back of the lorries.
When I was a young teenager (14)  my brother-in-law to be had á made heavy advances to me.  I did not understand very well what á it was all about but I reacted strongly and the feelings are á still there.
I had intercourse with someone and then I realized that what I á had done was wrong and it disgusted me.
Helping older people on the toilet.
I was present when they found a shop-keeper dead in his shop.  á He had been shot with a shotgun at close range.
When I was touring Asia with my present football team
With my mouth full of bun
At an anti-pornography meeting
My boss on the job failed to keep his promise about something he á knew was extremely important to me.
When my mother's new husband treated her and my brothers and á sisters badly.
Slaughtering of animals.
Can't describe any disgust situation.
When I learned that a relative had been spreading rumours about á me.
There is a certain person
Was confronted with a person having negative thoughts of other á people because of their social status
In a public swimming hall I saw a very aggressive man who á practically attacked the children who got in his way when he was á swimming.
This is difficult
The murder of two girls on a school trip to Berlin (and sexual á crimes generally) a couple of years ago.
Some people were unfairly treated
Close friends talking badly of other friends.
Political and military trnsgressions around the world
Doesn't apply.
Can't remember having had this feeling.
Having been unjustly punished
Reading about executions and massacres which happened during á World War II
When people manipulate others through appearing better than what á they really are.
Quarreling with my father
Can't remember any episode of disgust.
Outside a night club
Can't remember any such feelings now.
The sadistinc exacution of a student in the USA.
Seeing a pornographic film when looking for a place to live.
Maltreatment of children.
I feel disgust towards those who are responsible for the death of á others.
Overeating a traditional type of food - blood pudding.
Does not apply.
A teacher gave me lower grades than I was entitled to
When a \friend\" dropped a frog down my neck
I had a discussion with my wife about an over-weight acquaintance of á our's
A saturday night a bus full of drunken people.
As a child
We were at a hamburger bar and a man at a table nearby started á coughing and spitting into his plate.
On Reperbahn
In the army
When I saw hundreds of snakes twisting over one another in a á movie.
A rich man expressing disgust towards an alcoholic.
In the bus I was sitting next to a colleage who was drunk and á behaved in keeping with his state.
A too eager approach by a dirty drunken person in a bus.
When I noticed that a nice person was being exploited á economically.
At my grandmother's detestable and selfish conduct towards my á elder sister
Spoilt
My parents inherited an appartment and this made them behave in a á peculiar manner.
I felt disgusted at the environment while getting back to my á student lodging. I did not see anything in the suburb which had á been planned by taking people's comfort into account.
In the army
I was travelling in a local train when a drunkard
When an untidy and heavyly drunk person made endeavours to á approach me.
When a friend of mine got drunk and started to blame and scorn my á other friends and me.
The male friend of my mother (a widow) moved in to live with us.  á I did not like the man.
A series about Freud was shown on TV.  In it
[ The same as in anger.]
Watching a violent movie.
When an acquaintance of mine told me about the way his parents á treated their sons in an unequal manner.  The most successful of á them got continuous encouragement
In a film
When an acquaintance (he was drunk) of my room-mate vomitted on the kitchen á carpet.  It was past mid-night and my room-mate had just moved in
When an unpleasant person tried to make friends with me.  A á subtle
A friend of mine came to see me when he was quite drunk.
I detested my father who was a drunkard.  He would rave
When I was watching a movie with many violent episodes.  They á accurately showed the cutting of corpses
My life-partner is going through a crisis (way of life
A man spat on the wall of a house.
While reading Olli Jalonen's new book
A very drunk person.
[ When some people act very important in any situation.]
My mother called me because she had read through the enveloppe a letter á addressed to me.  She denied having read it intentionally and á said \the words just popped out through the enveloppe as the sun á
On a trip abroad
While watching the movie called \Deer hunter\" on TV
When I heard about the advances an acquaintance of mine had made á to my friends
A nightmare.  I was dreaming about bloodsuckers
While walking on the street with a good friend of mine
After the first of May
When I saw a spider.
Once again
In the morning
At school
When I noticed two spiders running on the floor in different á directions.
The disgust I feel towards a certain person.
A man tried to have sexual intercourse with me
In a lift a drunken
When I was working
I happened to see two boys fighting
I once watched the series called \Dynasty\" on TV
One of my fellow students used questionable and unfair means to á advance her studies faster than others.  I detested her.
While travelling in a bus
I was on my way home by bus.  A man who had drunk a fair amount of á alcohol started talking
I heard somebody talk about studies in a highly enthusiastic á \student-like\" way."
The behaviour of a fellow towards me and some others in the army á was really mean.  I detested this.
Yesterday in the elevator a man started smoking
I saw a movie called \The Thing\"
When I saw our computer teacher.
When I was still a child
Father said: If you are pregnant
A gigantic spider climbed over my face and what is more - in my á own flat.
Scuffle in a carriage of the underground in Vienna
Eco-activists demonstrated against a project to build a power station á at the Danube in the middle of a lowland forest (Hainburg) and á the government decided to delay it for another year. When my á father heard about it
In broad daylight I saw an untidy old man pissing and playing á with his penis in the middle of the town.
I read a book about the sexual phantasies of women; I read about á a woman having sexual intercourse with a dog.
When I entered the dissecting room for the first time. I think I á felt disgusted mainly because of the bad smell of formaline.
Old man in hospital
Several weeks ago
On a trip I passed by a cellulose factory. It was a fine day
In a certain book I read about cruelties and violence in prison á and souteneur circles; I felt especially disgusted when I read á detailed descriptions of physical and mental torture of less á powerful people.
A friend prepared a soup with chicken heads and invited me to eat á it. I saw the eyes staring at me and the tongues hanging out of á the bills. I was so disgusted that I felt nausea and had to leave á the room.
A drunken man forced me to kiss him.
A friend told me how he managed to win the sympathy of as many á people as possible. He said he first listened to what they said á and then he tried to only say things they would like to hear. á He would never express his own opinion. I felt really disgusted á when he told that.
When I stayed in the house of friends
In school I had difficulties mith mathematics. When I had to work á for an examination
I saw a physically handicapped young man whose spittle ran out of á his mouth while speaking.
During a football game
I read a book about the situation in South-Africa
A drunk man attacked his wife and wanted to humiliate her by á insulting her. Then he turned violent and started to beat her in á front of her child. She left it happen without saying a word in á order not to make things worse. I watched the scene and tried to á calm the man
I watched the news at the TV
A friend was assaulted by a young man on her way home.
At school a classmate who was a very good pupil had to help á another boy who performed less well. He told him on purpose the á wrong things so that he had to repeat a year.
When I was younger I often saw my father come home drunk (he had á big problems at that time). Once he woke me up in the middle of á the night and shouted at me.
One day
When I listened to a conversation of friends talking about the á power of money.
I read about a monk who had been murdered and put into a barrel á which was filled with blood of pigs.
At a discussion a friend took a \faschistic view\"
Some time ago a girl tried to make me up without any action of my á part. She used all possible means. Although I behaved refusingly á she did not give up for a longer time.
When a boy had continued to use foul language and swearing in á front of a group of my friends.
No very strong such emotion. Treatment of my sister by her á dancing instructor - he is a \user\"
On boat trip - saw mother giving young child (aprox 6-7 years) á cigarettes.
People spitting in railway stations.
I assisted to a scene where the police attacked a person that á didn't have his documents. The savagery was too much
The acts of brutal violence in generally disgusts me. Fights
In a sexual experience with an unknown woman where after the á sexual act I only could go away without looking backwards.
When I saw a woman subjugated by money and not being able to hide á how she hated herself for not having the will power to get out of á such a situation because it was convenient
My brother caught a spider and let his frog eat it.
I have a horror of spiders and snakes. On a walk through the wood á I saw the body of a slow-worm (without the head).
I went out with my sister
When I was molested by an old drunk man.
At the butcher's I saw an animal which had just been slaughtered; á blood was dripping on the floor.
When I attended school
At a party I met a girl who drew me to her
I was sitting in a station-hall and watching a lavatory á attendant. She was very dirty. She started to eat something out á of a dirty cup - it must have been something like lard. Then she á took some breadcrumbs out of the pockets of her apron and ate á them. I had to leave - I felt like vomitting. 
When I watched a report about El Salvador on TV
I studied medicine for several semesters. I was always disgusted á when we had the dissecting-course. I cannot understand why some á persons like this course.
On my way to a concert I went with a man who tried to molest me. á At that moment I did not care much but now the impression fills á me with disgust.
A man whom I like
A friend of mine was telling jokes which I felt to be very á disgusting
Several years ago I stayed with friends in the mountains for one á week. We lived in a hut and had to cook for ourselves. One day my á friend did not succeed in preparing spaghetti. That dinner was á terrible - nevertheless we all ate rather much and had an á improper and unsavoury conversation.
Whenever I see a spider or a snake I feel disgusted.
On TV I saw a report about church in Amerika. A priest was shown á who was performing miracles in front of the camera - I felt á disgusted.
When a very near person got into an awkward situation but showed á only helplessness and indecision.
When I got indecent offers.
In cinema I saw a film which showed how a person was torn out his á guts when he was still alive.
Normally my father never tells vulgar jokes
I had a quarrel with a friend who lived with me in the same flat. á He moved out. Before he went he invited me and some friends for a á drink. At last he was totally drunk and smelled disgusting. á Besides
I was insulted without a reason by a drunk man.
When my grandmother was about 80 years old
When I was a child
After a pleasant evening with friends in my flat
When I worked at the life-saving sevice and saw the first exitus.
When I was in the army
When I worked at the life-saving service I was disgusted by a á patient whose outward appearance was distasteful.
I read about a murderer who brutalized his victims by cutting á open their stomaches and taking out their bowels.
When I was walking on the street
A drunk man bumped into me and wanted to grip me. Fortunately I á was able to break loose.
I saw a drunk man tottering behind his wife and insulting her á awfully.
On my way home in the middle of the night I saw a drunk man and a á woman who were quarreling
At a party I saw two persons having a fight. The aggressions and á the hate between these persons produced an unpleasant impression á on me.
When I heard about a murder of a 16-year-old girl.
3 years ago I served in the army. Once a collegue denounced me á because of a delict
I think I have hardly had a situation where I felt disgusted. á Perhaps once
Accidentally seeing a friend in a compromising situation with a á stranger.
The price I was charged for work on my car.
A friend once reacted childishly (he is 23 yearrs old) to my not á responding in his favour to a request
At a social event when none of the guests would help to serve á food or clear tables. It was all beneath them.
A colleague and I were sitting on a bench next to an old man in a á shopping centre. the old man coughed and spluttered somewhat
When I heard about the way a parent of a friend had mistreated á him
Disgust at a girl I know for continually feeling sorry for herself á and never acting positively to do something about her problems.
I realised that someone was insidiously attempting to shit me off á I was disgusted with him for doing so
Disgust with myself for consistently making foolish errors in á communicating with others (asking for 1/2 Kg of nuts when I only á wanted 50 g).
I discovered some pornographic literature in a workmates drawers. á The literature featured pictures of naked women defecating on one á another.
A girl with whom I was staying having sex with a person for about á 3 nights running
Disgust with oneself after being intoxicated enough to go to bed á with a stranger.
When my father revealed inconsistent morals.
A lecturer in great detail spoke about his sexual experiences.
Viewing the nuclear war film \Threads\"."
When I became aware that an acquaintance had stolen from friends.
A female friend was violently ill on the return journey from a á wedding reception we attended. Getting her out of the car when á home took quite a while.
When after a party celebrating a friend's 21st birthday - upon á leaving I found 10 people outside throwing up and further 4 á unconscious.
We had friends to dinner and one of them threw a beer bottle in á the air
Discovering a good friend had lied to me
When I found out some family friends were embezzelling the á company they worked for - using company petrol and food supplies á and claiming furniture and crockery.
Someone ruining someone's property just for the fun of it.
Was picking up my father from work and on passing through the á Valley watched three prostitutes walk up and down waiting for á someone to pick them up. Clothing was disgusting.
When I heard that one of my good friends
While watching a film of an experimental operation on a cat's á brain in which the cat had metal pieces protruding from its eyes
During the PY 102 film session on Tuesday
At a party where the boys were telling revolting stories about á the girls they'd been with.
A situation where I ignored my beliefs and principles for a trip á of whimsy.
Hearing of a filthy situation over the phone.
At a night club watching little tarts trying to earn a living.
When I have seen people very drunk and making fools of á themselves.
When walking along the beach with my boyfriend
I stayed at the Coast for a weekend with friends. My brother came á to drive me home
When I saw a male engineer one year and came back to find he was á now a female (I don't know it/them personally).
Person talking about a situation while eating.
On a camp - boys and girls in one cabin. One guy forced himself á upon another girl and was having intercourse
Doctors ignored relative who complained about pain
A person that eat half of a cockroach in a cake without knowing á it.
To be kissed by soembody I didn't expect to.
When I see all the putridness of people. The fact is the catarrh á and spits that whash the streets of S.Paulo.
To go through the underground way at suburb station of LAPA. Poor á people and the ambulants badly dressed up in a passage badly á kept.
A dirty person
An acquaintance of mine revealed himself in a light unexpected to á me.
When I was watching some scenes from the Bertoluchi's film á \Twentieth Century\"."
When I happen to witness some sadistic acts.
I was on a walk with my child when I met a drunk woman.
Disgust with a subordinate.
Someone smoking on Electric train (Electric trains are á non-smoking) with alcohol smell coming from person.  
Being in a Malaysian city with my girlfriend coming out of a á picture theatre - seeing her rush up to a taxi that a very old á sick man was trying to get to. Seeing her take over the taxi.
When a friend didn't invite her own parents to her Graduation á ceremony.
One of my flatmates and I came back to the flat Monday morning
I have an adopted Aboriginal sister I felt disgust due to the á racism she has been subjected to.
When I discovered my mother had been having an affair with my á father's best friend
Viewing the results of senseless vandalism to a local primary á school.
When I found out how the people of Ethiopia were starving and á their government was spending millions on celebrating being in á power so many years. Then I saw all these people on TV needing á food
Returning home in the late afternoon I saw an indecent act made á by a man with the purpose that I saw it.
I went to a restaurant with my boyfriend for dinner. There we saw á a couple. the man of the couple was a negro and he hadn't manners á for eat.
A teacher giving a test was called by a student by his first á name. He (the teacher) said that he didn't give him this liberty.
I felt disgust of dirty.
When I red a report in the magazine VESA about an Iranian telling á what she had lived in the prisons in Iran. I felt disgust about á that people.
I had this feeling when I met a girl
I felt disgust of my father when I knew he had a lover.
Disgust of drunkers and of blood.
When my friends and I were camping in a weekend
When I went in a clinical hospital and saw in what conditions á people are attended there.
When some friends and I get acquainted a guy during vacations I á thought he was disgusted and \a friend\" of mine for whom I feel a á
When a girl that I liked didn't accept my curting.
I met a girl (22 years old)
In contact with a poor family of northeast it was offered to me a á crab to eat at my request. But the fact that this crab was á prepared antihygienically and his appearence was also á antihygienically it caused me disgust but I ate it anyway.
When I knew that a person who I didn't like
After a serie of facts that occurred between a colleague and me I á started to feel a certain necessity to get apart and I didn't want á to see her anymore.
I was sitting in school
There is a girl at my work that doesn't take care much of her á hygiene she comes always with her hair oiled
I felt disgust toward meat when I felt sick with the steak after á a week only on meat.
When I felt the smell of industries that pollute.
I was travelling
In a certain occasion I saw a dog in the street eating something á so strange gooey that I wasn't able to eat lunch because I á remembered the scene all the time.
I saw a film where snakes were crawling everywhere. I felt them á crawling over all my body with that ... skins. The noise that á they did disturbed me very much.
When my oldest sister discovered that her boyfriend had another á girl.
When I watched a film about the problems of abandoned children á (PIXOTE).
The same event described under FEAR - in the bus a man sat beside á me
When somebody despised a friend of mine.
To see damaged lettuce (with worms) in the icebox.
I felt disgust about all my friends. After having done a great á effort to organize an evening together
When I had to plunge in a swamp of fetid and stagnant water.
I felt disgust when I realized that I had eaten something fatty
When I visited a creche. The conditions weren't too precarious á but the children were in conditions of physical and emotional á penury.
Seeing persons spending money in a shopping center with á completely indifference to the misery reigning in our country.
About my girlfriend's sister who is a viper as I discovered some á time ago.
I felt disgust when I saw a dead animal on the roadway.
When I saw the film \Memorie of Prison\" I saw a scene of á
When I needed another job and tought that a good and known person á (my employer) could help me. He simply said that he couldn't help á me.
I felt disgust when I kissed a guy that I know. I was on the outs á with my boyfriend and this person appeared but he has nothing to á do with me.
When I met my boyfriend with another girl.
I was returning from the Universtity at night when I was accosted á by a boy who molested me
I saw a magazine with photographs of dead and maimed people whose á limbs were separated from their body like a head on one side and á the leg on the other.
My main disgust is against codfish because I detest even the á smell of it.
When I saw a man who hadn't the lower .... in a car á exhibition. He was passing a handkerchief from inside to outside á of his mouth.
When in my childhood we were forced to take cod-liver oil.
I was working in a classmate's house with a group. A girl began á to graze her foot against mine under the table.
When I heard the bad news about the death of a close person.
I saw a man falling on the walkway. He seemed half dead
When I saw a fight I had a physical reaction of disgust and of á deep perturbation.
I went to eat at my aunt's house and she served macaroni with a á horrible appearence. I felt the sensation above. The worst was á that I was practically obliged to eat.
When the Americans set their nucleaar missiles in Europe.
I was disgusted with the hypocrisy of my colleagues from the á group.
I felt it when I saw a colleague of mine eating like a beast. At á the same time he was making gestures
A similar feeling I felt quite recently while travelling in a á taxi. The driver treated me roughly and dishonestly - he chose á the longest route
I found a big black beetle in my coffee cup. It was alive big and á it was moving its limbs.
A drunk man had fallen in the street and he was shouting obscene á words.
I caught a glimpse of a black-beetle.
I was looking after a dying patient at work one night
I was disgusted with a friend's behaviour when she got absolutely á drunk so that she vomitted all over my house.
We had a birthday party with 5 friends. One of us frequently used á hard drugs. On the party I discovered that the other 3 friends á also used them. While we agreed we would help the big user to á stop using it.
I felt dusgust with a self-iterested person who ruined the life á of another by means of utterly unfair methods.
I felt disgust with the alcohol
I am disgusted with my sister's husband. On an early Sunday á morning after having knocked at my door
I felt disgust with a man I had trusted and respected
I am disgusted with the fact that bad singers play at the opera á (and not only there) only because they are protegTs or lovers of á an important felow while at the same time some young and able á singers work in a quite different field of life.
I felt it when I saw our headmaster blushed ingratiating himself á with high ranking officials.
I and my friends got acquainted with a guy from Sofia who turned á out to be gay
Negative statement concerning me of a friend before strangers.
I have experienced disgust with some people - usually double á dealers.
I feel disgusted with toadies
I am disgusted with liers
I stayed for several weeks with a friend of mine before she moved á to live with her husband. One evening he came drunk and made an á awful scene
Sort of awkward. I'd introduced (a lover) but introduced as a á friend to some members of my family
Bus driver driving roughly - old man fell off seat into aisle - á driver wouldn't stop - disgusted with her behaviour.
Disgust at myself when I stroked a sleeping girl's private parts.
4-letter words on a TV programme (Roche) while we were á entertaining \conservative\" relations who wanted to see the first á
My girlfriend came home after a business dinner at the most á expensive place in town drunk as a skunk. Whats more she drove á home and couldn't remember doing so. I was disgusted by her state á and her actions.
Disgust - no. Maybe it is more precise to say revultion at a worm á or a snake. But I mean it in a social aspect when somebody had á behaved like a scoundrel to you
I don't remember about a situation when I have experienced this á feeling. Maybe it was when I saw a drunkard in the street.
Attitude to a related family.
Encouter with a prostitute.
When somebody behaves like a scoundrel. Recently a colleague of á mine used the name of another one for his own benefit.
At the sight of an insect
Such a feeling springs up in me sometimes when I have meals at a á catering establishment. It is a result either of the look of the á food or when watching the way some people eat.
I saw in the street a man spitting.
I have felt this feeling when a person whom I believe and respect
I felt disgust with a person whose behaviour was out of the á elementary human norms.
A colleague of mine asked a lecturer to put him a higher mark in á order to keep his good mards and thus to continue getting a á scholarship for an excellent grade.
Disgust with drunk people.
From the cigarette smoke. Usually I feel disgust from it when I á am in a restaurant.
A striking act of ingratitude at a public vehicle.
Recently in the tram
A man was unfair to a girlfriend of mine.
I feel disgust with some people when I see what they are capable á of
I was disgusted from a quarrel between two married people
At an unworthy behaviour of a man
I was looking for an object when I came across a rotten corpse of á a rat.
The behaviour of a colleague of mine
A lie on the part of a person close to me.
I saw a film about the nazi concentration camps during the war. á After the film I felt disgust.
Some time ago a man tried to teach me something. \Tried\" because á
I met three drunk boys
I detest any kind of constraint and hate the attempts of elder á people to force me to a norm of behavior without having legal or á moral rights to do it. I felt this emotion when a neighbour of á mine made me kick out my guests because they had talked very á loudly and threatened that with \connections\" she will expel me á
The event which got me angry got also an aversion in me.
I became disgusted with the man on whom I had counted
For a drunk man (about 20 years old) that I met one evening
I got disgusted with a man who was beating a woman in the street. á I just happened to be there but I was abhorred by the rudness.
Deception from a person I loved very much.
I felt it today when the bus driver shouted rather indecent words á at a man without any reason whatsoever.
Some time ago I was disgusted with the \cleanness\" of the á
It was at a comsomol(??) meeting
I felt disgusted about a teacher who had rejected all that was á human in her. She refused to accept the flowers we gave her for á the eighth of March and asked for a foreign parfume instead.
I hate hypocrisy. My friend (girl) tried to intrude into my á affairs with my future husband. After that she behaved as if á nothing had happened.
I am disgusted with the behavior of a car driver whose car would á run over me and my friends during our autumn brigade.
I am disgusted with a nieghbour who is looking for all sorts of á quarrel with my parents and me. He feels we are hampering his á living close to us. This has been going on for quite a long time.
I feel disgusted with the bootlickers
In autumn I had to move to another lodging. My landlords
When I see the acts and deeds of a blind drunk man.
I had a very good friend (boy) and I thought I could rely on him á but he behaved badly with a girl who used to trust us completely.
I felt disgust with alcohol in general when a close friend of á mine got so drunk that he didn't realize what he was doing and it á was quite shameful.
I felt disgust with a lady teacher who used to nag
I feel disgust with my first boyfriend who made fun of our love á in an abominable way.
With an alcoholic.
During a summer holiday at a bar I happened to see a dead to the á world woman.
Disgust for a person who treated me badly
With a woman who had walked into my place of employment and á urinated on the floor in front of everyone.
I was disgusted by my paranoid attitude towards myself
People who came to our home - and requested \Put out your smoke\". á
A sour looking man was beating his thin dog in Remuera.
When the N.Z. rugby union announced that they would proceed with á a rugby tour of South Africa.
A gathering of a social sports club at which they proceeded to á show pornographic videos and then afterwards (when most people á had had quite a bit to drink) carried on in a very degrading
A friend of mine goes out with this guy. She sleeps with him but á is quite happy for him to play around - as well as herself.
My brother gave me a beating because he could not beat me á verbally.
I'm very disgusted when I see people abusing their body with á drugs and alcohol. They take advantage of these things usually á for an excuse for the fantasies which they like and so they do á things stupidly and unjustly.
Disgusted with boyfriend's mother - her overpowering
A child told me she had been sexually abused by her step-father. á I only knew the child and had not come into contact with either á parent. I tried to do what was best for the child. The event and á the stepfather disgusted me.
When a man spoke very sexistly in the company of some friends of á mine.
With the N.Z. Rugby Union wanting to send the All Blacks to South á Africa.
Having moved into a flat within the last week I felt some disgust á that a bathroom tap had been left to drip with a faulty fawcet.
When a close friend wilfully cheated me.
Finding that a girlfriend of mine was a prostitute and had been á seeing many others during our relationship.
When someone I had had a relationship (purely sexual) with came á up to me after I had used her and acted as if nothing had á changed.
A close friend took part in a racist violent action.
I get disgusted with the inherent racist attitudes of my á brother-in-law in putting down various ethnic groups and also my á unwillingness to challenge him about these attitudes in order to á keep the peace.
Hearing Norman Jones get hysterical in Parliament about law á reform (on the radio - listening with 2 others).
Reading literature on AIDS/homosexuality.
My older sister used to pick on my brothers and sisters all of á whom were younger than her. On one occasion my brother did á something my sister didn't like. A full-scale battle began.
Our boarder burping after meals !
When somebody who had been a bully and had acted cruelly to á others who were unable to defend themselves was taken down a few á notches and he began to grovel. I was disgusted with his á grovelling and the manner in which he had treated others.
Next door nieghbour ran over his cat in driveway
Noticing my flat had maggotts !
When someone whom I considered my friend
With a Manager who insists on making crude innuendos pertaining á to sex.
Prolonged \niggling\" of friend on a single theme which I á
Watching an alcoholic woman who was approaching everyone at the á wharf for cigarettes - a prostitute in Auckland (elderly).
I was driving along and saw this young guy urinating into the á gutter
Obscene phone calls.
When employer made a pass at me whilst I was at work.
Observation of people lost in the profit motive - i.e. business á managers to their actions esp.
Having unwanted attention paid to me in my place of work - á harrassment (and sexual harrassment) by another worker - á disgusted by his implications.
At a party my best girlfriend got really drunk and went off with á a guy she knows I really like.
I once saw a programme on TV describing how certain wild life á films were made and was disgusted by the treatment of certain á animals in this particular programme of the polar bear.
When reading a newspaper story of a man who had committed á incestuous acts on his two-year old child - the thought that á anyone could do such a thing is abhorrent to me.
I once saw an old man up the road
A boyfriend with whom I split up with came over to a friend's á house where I was visiting with a male friend. In a confrontation á in another room he tried to find out if I was aroused by my á friend by feeling my parts.
When a close relative got quite drunk. It was a relative that I á had respected for a long time and looked up to as a child.
The repression of rioting and non-rioting \Blacks\" in South á
My flatmate and close friend living and sleeping with another á close friend of mine.
Friends calling me fat - pear shaped in front of a nice girl.
A drunk walked out in front of a car at night. Both lower legs á were broken. His shoe was thrown about 50 yards after the á accident.
Flicking through a magazine showing pictures of homosexual men á committing various acts.
I deliberately avoided a person who I wanted to hurt
One of my very good friends came to me for advice as her á boyfriend had been hitting her and beating her quite harmfully.
I read a newspaper article about dogs being stolen in order to á use them for fighting purposes.
Watching a TV documentary on seal clubbing.
When I first saw the state of a cafeteria in the grounds of the á university. Due to students own lack of concern for the á environment in which they eat and drink. Rubbish and spilled tea á and coffee left everywhere.
When I heard about the disaster in Bophal (India).
A piece of work was marked as bad by the teachers I and some á fellow students didn't agree with their vague criticism. I felt á myself taken in by the teachers and felt disgust.
A person I know who tells lies and so pretending to be better á than she is.
I was once raped (one year ago) by a man who was a lot older than á me and whom I just met. Maybe it wasn't rape but the man wanted á more than I wanted to give him since there were other people in á vicinity.
When I was in Eindhoven on an Exhibition of Hernan Nitsche
A few days ago I saw two dandy girls of my age. I disliked their á clothes and their way of doing.
When I had to eat scraps from a dust-bin
When I entered a toilet in a bar and it stank.
One day I was in the countryside with several friends
I saw the gare of a prison.  This gare and the building were in á deplorable condition and were full of rubbish.
On a trip to Santander a child sitting beside me fell ill and á started to vomit
When I heard about the treatment of a friend in jail. Really á inhuman. I never realised that such things also happen in the á Netherlands.
I was shopping in Utrecht with friends
When I watched TV and saw a performance of \Prince\" (a popidol). á
Being on view in a meat-factory. Pigs being cut open
When working in a chemical laundry
I lived together with my boyfriend. One night he stayed away and á next day he told me that he had chat up with another girl.
Each time I am confronted with reports about repression and á torture.
I broke an egg
A friend and a girlfriend went to Rome for 10 days with their á class. When they were back home I heard people tell \strange\" á
When I take a look into a slaughter-house and when listening to á stories about torturing people or animals.
When I saw a documentary film about World War II (about Hitler á and his adepts).
I wanted to take something from under my bed. While doing this I á felt a dead bird laying under my bed.
Seeing someone who has bleeding nose.
I read a book about torture. The book described exactly how the á torturing was done.
A fellow student who seemed very nice later on proved to be a á slimy fellow towards a professor.
Bisshop Ter Schure intoduced himself on TV to the Dutch Nation. á He spoke as if he was God himself
When I read about or think about environmental pollution
It is very difficult to relate it to a certain event. I am á familiar with the disgust of Sartre (la nausTe)
When a girl in my class (on the secondary school) appeased the á teacher
Grandfather lives in a home for the elderly. He always looks á forward to visits. On his birthday (by coincidence it was on á \Mummy's day\") however
When my friend who was drunk insulted me in public for no reason at á all.
When I learnt that my best friend had failed the exams.
I found out accidentaly that while my uncle was away in Canada
A person whom I thought to be honest took and spend the little á money that I had and I had no way of getting any money in the á few following months.
When my sister's boyfriend accused her of having been sleeping around.
People who discriminate other people disgust me.
Seeing maltreated
During my birthday party a friend drank too much alcohol. So much á that he had to throw up. Worst of all was that he couldn't leave á my friend alone and that he was molesting her.
During military service I heard the story of someone who tried to á commit suicide and as a result of this got a week custody.
I heard a broadcasting programme about parapsychology. The people á in this programme used very difficult words which I couldn't á understand. They acted exaggerated without showing any feeling.
A student who lives in the same house where I live is an alcoholic. He á tries to manipulate other people with his money when he has drunk á too much.
The stories about my aunt who was beaten and humiliated by my á uncle.
There is a person whom I disgust. Evrey time I see her I get this á terrible feeling I disgust her whole appearance.
A story I heard recently about a baby dying after sexual á abuse.
When my parents behave very \witty\" towards me
Every time I meet a certain person. We cannot get on well á together
A friend had a quarrel with the mother of her boyfriend because á she and her friend decided to go and live together. She needed á money for removal
I saw a terrible accident in which the driver of a motor was á thrown through the frontwindow of a car. His face was completely á away.
A teacher was very blunt in his relation to a child so that the á child was very upset when arriving at home.
When an uncle of mine who is very ill started to cough wich á sounded very dirty. (He can't help it of course).
My father is someone I disgust. So when he comes close to me á a feeling of disgust overwhelms me. When I stay a week-end at my á parent's place I will remember it for long time.
I was looking at a one-man show on television. He told very á disgusting things so that I started to be disgusted with it. á (Later on it proved that this was his intention).
After the accident which I described in SHAME. I came to myself á and saw how terrible everything looked like. I disgusted myself á and everything I saw.
I heard part of a conversation in which one talked very low about á women.
I felt disgust after watching a picture on television about á torturing political prisoners in India (this happened in the á India of Indira Ghandi).
I feel disgust when hearing or seeing other people being treated á inhumanely. For example torturing in chili.
A girl who also hires a room in the house where I live always á tries to make a quarrel with everyone available she disgusts me.
When I ate a rotten apple.
I read a story in the newspaper about butchers treating their á animals very badly. They disgusted me.
I saw a dog who was eating excrements.
Seeing a pornographic movie in which animals were used.
I was hitch-hiking when a man stopped and gave me a lift to á Nijmegen. During the ride he asked me whether I was in for fun. á The man was fat and tatooed.
When once again I drank too much and felt very rotten the morning á after.
When I had to finish those big amounts of homework in time.
A scene in a film in which one man repressed another one. By á concidence
One night I saw a man being knocked down by two other men. The á victim was kicked against his head.
Someone told me a story of Amnesty International: a boy was á killed and his head was put in the litter of his girlfriend. It á looked as if she was pregnant
When people are eating unsavoury (smacking
When I made love with someone who I didn't really love. Sometimes á I even considered him unlikable.
I read a newspaper report that a little boy was forced to look á while his sister was raped.
I cannot remember exactly such a situation. But I know that á once I went to a very dirty lavatory and that disgusted me.
My mother was very angry with my little sister and told her to á put her hands on the table in order to beat her hands up. She á forced by means of her power.
When I see that some people remain cold and egoistic with regard á to close friends
A few days after I had finished the relationship with my á boyfriend
When I saw someone eating live worms.
When I see rotten meat.
I had a class-mate who was rather stupid.  I did not like him á but I respected him.  When he tried to talk to someone
When I am dirty because I have not had a shower for a few days.
I had to change a baby's clothes for the first time.
When I saw a scene on T.V where a castration was shown.
When a very dirty class-mate farted in my  presence.  There was a á terrible smell.
On seeing a scene of an accident in a magazine.
Whenever I see an alcoholic.
When I got to know the details if the famine in East Africa.
When I see people who have no sentiments.
A young man was insulting and humiliating a drunken man.
When I saw a film where a black was rapeing a girl while another one was á filming it for a pornographic movie.
Some people whom I do not like at all
Pictures of Nazi extermination camps on a T.V program.
When I see dead dogs on the road.
When I saw a very disagreable scene.
When I saw an accident where the man lost his head.
When a person saw that I was accused of something I had not done á and did not do anything to defend me.
When I had to dissect a live mouse at school.
When I saw several people washing their car with water from a á drain.
One day I was going through the street door of my house
When after a storm in the country
When I see pornographic films.
On the road there was a dead animal with its entrails showing and á its skull crushed.
I was in the cafeteria at the university and a class-mate told me á that a friend of hers had had all her teeth taken out because of á an infection caused by her eating a rat's nail in her hamburger.
The sight of vomit on the street.
To loose friends because of them over-estimating themselves.
The man who threw me out of the flat disgusted me.
I read a book whose plot and expressions were obscene and in very á bad taste.
I saw in an ice-cream kiosque a cockroach walking through a á cornet.
A TV program on whale-hunting.
Some friends and I were having lunch.  Someone said something á funny and one of the guys started laughing and spat his food in a girl's á face.
When I see someone vomitting.
During lunch with some classmates
They asked me to throw the rubbish into a dustbin which had some á awful liquid accumulated at the bottom.
Once I had to clean a lavatory which was obstructed.  It was in a á friend's country house and there was nobody there to help me.
One day I went to see a rather disagreeable film (X).
When I had to sleep in a bed at a hostel
A situation of overt unfairness
When I was reading a book.  It had nothing to do with the book á itself but with the disagreable smell of the pages of the book.
The first time I saw a pornographic film
My dog had been run over and died near the house.  We had to pick á him up
I was at the table at a French friend's house.  They served me a á big dish with roast cauliflower and sauce.  I had to eat it. 
When I entered a brothel and saw two sailors with a young á prostitute who was not older than 18.
I saw some images of a decapitation in a horror film.
In a bus I fell sick and vomitted in a bag.  The entire situation á was disgusting in itself.
I visited a place in Morocco where they worked the leather.  I á saw the skins emerged in a liquid which ressembled putrification.
When I saw a film in which the man suffered from an illness and    á his skin came peeling off.
The physical appearance of a meal.
I saw a program on T.V where they had to saw a skull for an        á operation.
Seeing a film in which there were several bloody crimes.
I had to wash my grandmother because she did not get to the á bathroom on time.
When I was walking in a field which had a lot of manure.
Finding a hair in the soup.
Ever since I have been a child
There was a cat on the street.  It had been run over and its head was á open.  We passed beside it.
I was drinking coffee in a cafe and I found a piece of scrubber á in my cup.
In a film there was a scene in which a rat was sliding on a bed
I saw a sort of black worm being attacked by many ants.
I found a cockroach crushed between two folders in my bedroom
At the hypocrisy of some of my friends.
In a park near our home
When I came to know that my father and his parents were : self á interested
 I was at a friend's place for lunch and she fell ill and á vomited.
When I saw an insect going up my arm.
When a person I did not know hurt a friend of mine.
When I saw a film in which there was a scene where women were cut á to pieces.  Above all
When opened a box of biscuits and found worms inside.
The transport to pick us up for lunch was always late and the á driver made the same excuse every day.
When I failed the grade 7 twice and only passed it the third á time.
I usually come back home early but this day I came home back late á to find some visitors at my place.
When someone whom I trusted
When I got  grade \C\" in M160 at the end of my first year at á
When I was refused a transfer from my school to another
When a drunkard
When my mother betrayed me by obtaining money from my husband á when we were separated - pending divorce.
When I heard of the assassination of the Indian prime-minister
I met my best friend's husband with a prostitute.
When my girlfriend told me that she was no longer interested in á me.
When I realized that my closest friend had said bad things about á me when I was not around and had betrayed me by making friends á with my boyfriend's other girl.
The day I was forced to use a public convenience place in town.  á It was so filthy that it really made me sick.
When my father thought that I was an unrelaible son.
I stormed into the room
This was when I saw
A pig in the well from which we drink.
When at school I thought that I was going to get the best results á in mathematics
Over an argument.
When I failed an exam.
When my brother promised me money but he failed to fulfill the á promise.
One day I went to town to get my grocery.  On my way back
This happened when I went to visit my friend in Chelston and á found him screwing my girlfriend.
A class-mate answered (accidentally) the call of nature in the á class during a tough mathematics examination.
When I discovered that my mother had been involved in adultery.
I was disgusted at the university wanting some of us to travel á from our homes to the lectures here every day.  The way the whole á thing was handled disgusted me.
This happened when I could not get into the school I had á initially wanted
When my best friend started getting involved in my private á affairs.
I saw a friend's husband with another woman.
When I was told that the brother who was staying with me would á not go to the training school that year but only the year after.
I was in a train when a woman started talking loudly and á attracting everybody's attention.  The worst thing was that she á was discussing something
When I failed to secure employment after my form 5 in Lusaka despite á my excellent certificate.
When a boy put a handful of cooked potatoes down my dress and á there was no water to clean up.
On Christmas day a drunk man came to our house without a shirt á on
The teacher of one course gave me 10 questions with sub-questions á going from a to e for each question.  She asked me to do all this á in one and a half hours.  It involved a lot of describing and á explaining and even though I knew all the answers
I was disappointed by a girlfriend when I visited her at her home á in Woodlands.
Someone stole a K10 note and the teacher thought that it was me á when I was not responsible for the theft.
I am disgusted at the number of second year students who are á pregnant illegitimately.
When my cousin put feaces in my washing.  A silly idea which was á meant to be a joke.
The day I went to eat dinner in the dinning hall and found a á dead fly in my gravy.
When thieves broke into our house
When I learnt that my offer to study at the university had been á withdrawn  and so I would not get hostel accomodation at UNZA
When I was denied my favourite dish at the dinning hall (shima á with roast chicken)
When I saw a woman who had been run over by a train
When my mother got a terrible beating from my father.  It was so á bad that she fainted and it was only then that my dad realized á how bad it was.
My room-mate was drunk
When I witnessed an accident.
When I learnt that my cousin sister was pregnant.
While watching a movie
When I was taking my girlfriend out
When I patronized a certain tavern which had prostitutes
I feel disgusted at not having got aa \A\" in yesterday's á
I had prepared a special meal for my boyfriend but when my á brother came home he ate it all.  I was really disgusted about it.
An officer at the Dean of students office had promised me to give á me a room the next day
When I was told that I had no right to control my lover.
When I found out that someone close to me was flirting around.
When I was substituted in a play which was to be staged
I felt disgusted when a fellow student asked me to marry him.  I á had not expected this from him as he was a mere friend.
When my relatives troubled me so that I would help them á financially.
Last week a former school (secondary) mate of mine
When my demand for accomodation on the campus was refused and the á rooms were allotted to first year students who were from \Rucher\" á
When I found my girl in bed with another man.
When my grandmother came to stay with us permanently as she is a á very difficult person to stay with and when she started telling á false stories about us to other people.
One of these people who sell meat in town used a knife to stab á his friend and later carried on using the same knife to cut meat.
When I went to report a stolen good at the police station
I came across a woman in town who was very drunk.  She was á swearing at everyone and carried on drinking even though she á could hardly stand.
When I failed the  grade 7 exams.
When I found a maggot in my food at the dinning hall
When I heard that my sister had shouted at my friend's cousin at á their place.
When a girl said in my back that we were in love
When my younger sister visited me during the school holidays and á told me that she would not go back to school because she was á pregnant.
A certain girl asked me what my major was and when I told her á that it was P.A she started criticizing it saying
When I found out that the seat in the coach that I had booked had á been sold to somebody else.
When I was teaching a student started making silly remarks in á class.
I was disgusted at the way the bus conductor threw out an old á woman oiut of the mini-bus simply because she could not pay the á fare for her luggage.
The same as in SHAME.
I felt disgusted at my teams poor perfomance prior to league á play.
I saw someone that I thought I knew repeatedly drunk. I do not á like to be around alcoholics.
I was listening to a priest in church saying how sinful man was
When I committed a sin mentioned in ANGER. A sin of sexual á immorality.
A girlfriend of mine behaves in a very childish way - she does á not like my going to see a friend who has been introduced to me á by this same friend of mine.  I would like to be friends with á both of them
A friend of mine remembered me when she needed me and did not á even think about me when she did not need me.
[ I feel disgust at people lying.  It means that they say one á thing to one person and the same thing in another way to another á person and this makes people quarrel among themselves.]
At work when I did not get the full co-operation of my colleagues á to complete an assignment.
After joining my M.A in Social Sciences
My notes were not returned to me
One evening when a boy who was drunk made a pass at me by trying á to kiss me.
When one of my friends started misbehaving.
I was disgusted to discover that my girlfriend of few weeks was á already fooling around with another guy.  I was disappointed as á the guy was a rogue and I respected my girlfriend.
When a student accused me of having stolen his textbook  as he á had found a form bearing my name in his other books and all my á explanations fell on deaf ears.
I was eating in the dinning hall and some women joined me.  I á could not eat with them so I left the dinning hall.
I went to the shopping centre to buy something and saw packets of á Kapenta  with maggots in them. Oh !
When I failed my first biochemistry test.
When my room-mate made a mess of the room after having drunk the á whole night at a graduation party ceremony.
I went to spend a night with a relative of mine and there I á found that the bed had been wet the previous night.
When a \friend\" woke me up in the middle of a blessful sleep by á
When I heard that a woman of my community had aborted and got rid á of the foetus by throwing it in the drain.
When I was accused of having impregnated someone's daughter
When I saw a drunk man urinate upon himsellf and he seemed to be á thoroughly content with it.
When I went to the clinic for a medical check-up and saw the way á the lecturer was conducting the lecture and the kind of responses á he got from the patients.
I witnessed a scene in which two women were abusing each other.
When I failed the entrance exam of the medical school and was á studying biochemistry which has no job prospects in Zambia.
When my elder brother failed form five in 1968 when I was 5 years á old.
When my father shouted at me for going to a party with my sister.
When my parents insisted that I take up a teaching career.
When a girl I knew aborted and threw the seven month foetus in a á man-hole.
When I beat up my brother in order to control him and make him á obey my parents orders.
I once saw an elderly lady who was not properly dressed.  She was á wearing a transparent dress
Being mistreated by my former primary school teacher
I felt disgusted when we (family) avoided a problem which could á be solved readily.
When a close friend of mine maintained a relationship with me á till she needed me and broke it off when she did not need me.  á She behaved life a really selfish person.  
I felt very disgusted at a friend to whom I had given a Psychology á book to read
Cueing for bath for a long time.
Noisy people in the library.
Some students trying to please the lecturer.
Saw a dead rat on the street.
First anatomy lesson.
Dead rat in the kitchen of the university.
People talking in an important lecture.
When junior doctors returned to work after bunking them.
When a classmate of ours knocked on our door at 2 o'clock in the á morning.  I was disgusted at his behaviour.
Seeing a person panhandling money on Telegraph.
I felt disgust as a result of one of my midterms - I thought I á had prepared well for it
Seeing a friend \making love\" to a high school girl. I á
I was supposed to be studying for my math midterm a few days ago
My parents claimed me on their income tax after I had been out of á the house for two years receiving no financial support from them. á As result I had to work more during school because they were á expected by the FAO to contribute to my education when they á refuse to do so.
I found out that someone that I knew had someone else taking á tests for her.
When I lose on my bets on anything - baseball
Saw a scene in a movie implying incest as humorous.
When I stand at the bus stop for one hour waiting for the bus to á arrive.
When a friend of mine keeps telling me morbid things that á happened to his dog.
Right now I volunteer at a hospital. Yesterday
I applied for a job of GALSO counselor and I made the strongest á possible application but was denied an interview. I felt á disgusted at the system which by promoting the cause of á minorities makes employing whites lowest priority.
A friend of mine had sex with someone of a different race on a á Winnebago trip down to USC in front of everyone (all my friends á embarrassed my sorority house name).
When other people refuse to do their house jobs and give the á work to someone else.
I saw part of a Prince video with him crawling out of a bath tub.
Finding out my grades at the end of my Sophomore year.
When I was getting so fat.
When I study my butt off for a midterm and still get an average á grade.
Doing poorly on a midterm.
When people/press analyze a particular newsworthy item (CAL á Football team) which I am a member and can only see the situation á in a bad light and always put the team down.
Sitting in the dorm when the guys were verbally reading letters á in Penthouse.
When I found out the CIA was mining Nicaraguan harbors.
When I saw President Reagan get elected.
When a skunk invaded camp.
When my roommate forgets to flush the toilet.
Through the media and their presentation of a kidnapped child who á was raped.
Once when I was babysitting for some neighbors children I found á roaches in ther bathroom. I had never seen a roach before but I á called my mother to make sure that's what they were. And she came á over and checked.
After learning on the news about this man who killed more than á 300 women and habitually copulated into their inert bodies.
When my roommate came home at 10 in the morning after sleeping á with a guy she did not know because she got drunk. (Se has a á boyfriend too).
I was playing a sport in an advanced PE class and many of the á people were not advanced.
Cleaning the bathroom of my apt. and realizing my roommate who á had lived there all summer by himself had never cleaned the á place.
I was reading in the paper the feature on Henry Lucas who claims á to have killed 380 people. He was a recreational killer and a á necrophiliac and zoophiliac. He has raped and beaten many women á and killed men too.
When an employer of my younger sister (17 yrs) made a \pass\" at á
Robbery mentioned under sadness.
This person I know lied about how much income his parents made á and received money through grants which he did not need. Another á person is barely making it
I read in the newspaper about a 21 yr. old woman who was found á naked and dead along a roadside. It turned out she had had two á relatives 14 and 19 who were kidnapped
When one individual takes advantage of and/or injures another á relatively defenseless individual
One of my good friends told people something I had told her á in confidence about someone else.
I vividly remember having feelings of disgust toward some of my á jr. high classmates who didn't work at all on their schoolwork á and who would coplain and take my tax money when I was older and á more successful than they were. At the time I pictured some á adults like this that I knew in the complaining situation.
When I saw a girl in my economics discussion section smiling and á asking stupid questions to the TA. just to get attention. She was á obviously ass-kissing. It happens in every Econ. discussion held á weekly.
I felt disgusted when I found out that someone had betrayed me. á That person had been dishonest with me and I felt used.
I was disgusted at the behavior of these boys I work with in the á scouting program. They showed a lack of interest
My friends and I were sitting at a restaurant. We were talking á and a few of them said awful things about women. I became á disgusted by their narrow-mindedness.
I didn't do very well on a midterm and I'm disgusted with myself á because I was prepared and thought I did well.
I thought that the guy I had been associating with for over a á year went out 2 or 3 times with a high school girl whom he claimed á not to like.
I was disgusted to find out that the water isn't filtered or á purified before it leaves Latimer Hall from the drains.
I attended a ceremony in Denmark which is comparable to our á Halloween. They build a large bonfire and place a life size dummy á of a witch. The crowd cheered when the dummy burst into flames.
Now that the 49ers are winners
I felt disgusted when I was in a restaurant which didn't appear á to be clean and orderly. (I do not like to be in unclean á environments).
I took a psych. experiment with a totally unappealing gay man as á the experimentor
Getting a low grade on my physics midterm.
Getting back my math midterm
When I saw a wino by some cans with Food Stamps and use the á change to buy wine.
My friends aren't working for the same common goal we all need to á accomplish.
An Engineer I know wants war so he can get a job making bombs.
I trusted a friend of mine
I felt disgusted while studying for my applied psychology and á mental testing papers in B.A.
When my parents-in-law scolded me
When my husband quarrelled with me for no reason at all.
When people around me did not understand me the right way.
When I had exams a relative of ours
When my husband told me about his pre-marital affairs.
I feel disgusted when people do not understand me in the right á way
I feel disgust at my neighbour
When my friend who is close to me got engaged and did not invite á me.
When a begggar approached me for money
I feel disgusted at my cousin
I do not like one of our neighbours as they are very selfish.  á Whenever they want something or need help they come to see us
We had gone to our native village and I went to visit a tribal á group which believes in Goddess Kali.  As it was a festival day they á had to offer a hen to the Goddess so they cut the head off a hen á right in front of my eyes.  I felt disgusted and evenb gave up á eating meat after this incident.
The way my husband and his family treated me - unfairly
My husband falls ill and does not follow the doctor's advice on á the treatment or the diet control.
I was disgusted at the existing red-tape in the government á offices.  I accquired my passport three months after having applied for á it and I had to go back five times to them to correct a minor á error.
Despite my being affectionate
When we complained about the uncleanliness of the work place
When my friend got very low marks in field work even though he á had worked throughout the year
[ When I see that the toilet is unclean.]
When I was in a Christian institution
When I went to visit a relative and saw how messy and dirty his á place was
[ I feel disgusted at people who talk negatively about a person á without knowing the person well.]
One day my colleague misbehaved with me.  I felt disgusted and á thought to myself that he could only do this because I was a á woman.
I was most disgusted when I had to make a nagging three day á journey recently from Calcutta to Bombay.  It was very boring and á tiring.
[ The previous incident holds good here also.]
This is an incident that many of us witness in our everyday life á in a city like Bombay.  One day I was travelling by bus
We had come back from a programme and we were all (three girls)    á staying over at another girls placce.  One of them started á passing very nasty and outright bitchy remarks at me.  It was á brought on by a male colleague's compliments to me
[ ]
When I heard that a 14 years old girl had been raped by four á rikshaw drivers in our town.
My classmate at TISS has the habit of biting his nails and ever á since my childhood I have never liked this habit.  This person is á near me in class
I once got a phone call stating \one of your friend is in jail
[ This is an everyday feeling.  Many situational events : causes á are unclean and dirty environment
I feel disgusted since I am unable to cope with all the wordly á affairs as I spend much precious time to pursue my hobby and á to be admist the people I love and long to be with.
Students on campus were unnecessarily creating trouble just to á heckle the authorities - not to achieve something concrete
When I could not attend the college picnic due to some á difficulties.
[ Never experienced.]
Once when I was studying for my examination
My elder sister forced me to do a few things which I did not like á to do.
I felt disgusted when I was in a helpless position at the loss of á my fiancee.
[ There have been very few instances of disgust
Four weeks ago I felt very much touched to find an asciatic á patient who had asked the very morning to be tapped of the fluid
I had experienced odd moments one time when a patient came into á the Ward in which I was working. The patient was badly burnt in á the right side of her body. I was very nervous at the sight.
The first day I visited the hospital I was disgusted because I á experienced offensive smell which I never expected. I nearly ran á away from the course.
When mum had beaten my young sister just because she had received á a letter from a boyfriend.
The time when I cleaned the house and everything was tidy
Bad temper of the serving lady in the students' dining hall.
Saw a dirty street.
Someone not responding to my criticism.
Finding out that old and useless practitioners of retirement age á will go to your English lectures and they do not understand á English.
Saw a real party leader.
Saw my class leader acting like a God when he chose people to go á to your English lectures.
Hear people talking at my back.
I was disgusted at myself when I dropped a vital catch
[ ]
When I opted for my research field
[ When mix was coming from column for several days.]
[ Honestly
I was disgusted when our cricket team manager dropped me from the á team.
When I lost the notes of the lecturer I had borrowed from my á friend.
There was a family fight in my house some time back.  My uncle á had given me a watch as a present and I lost it.  During the á fight he accused me of having sold the watch.  I was disgusted at á his false accusations.
A railways officer
When Kanishka was blown up
[ Do not remember any incident.]
I felt the emotion when I entered a certain ward in the hospital á to visit my relative who was sick.
One of my best friends was found lying flat on the road because á he was drunk and was taken by the police and put in a cell. I á went to see him the following morning
In Ward 1A was an epileptic patient who was burnt the whole body á and was stinking very much such that the whole ward was affected. á Few people could come near him.
The time I went to see one of my girlfriends at Area 18 I found á that she was not there but in the room she was sleeping
I was disgusted with my girlfriend's behaviour. She was going out á with other boys who were also my friends.
I was disgusted with the behaviour of one of my fellow students á during my Secondary School life. He was a habitual noise-maker á and caused great conflicts with the teachers.
The emotion came to me when a certain girl who was not polite to á her mother hit her sister severely.
This situation occurred when I entered into a smelling ward.
I felt disgusted when a certain lady spoke words of sarcasm when á I was trying to propose to her.
I was double crossing Mercy and Maria. They one day came to know á each other. I was found by Mercy red-haded when I was with Maria.
I was disgusted when my brother was arrested because of stealing á money.
When I was presumed to have stolen maize from the school garden.
When I entered the wound intensive care at the Central Hospital á in Blantyre which was stinking.
I felt disgust when I saw a friend walking in stagnant water á without putting on gum boots.
I was disgusted to see a person vomitting and I was told to clean á the place where the vomit was.
A sister broke a cup and when mother asked I was reported to have á been responsible.
I was disgusted when I was told to dress a big rotten stinky á wound which
My first day to work in hospital
It was when my father beat my mother while she was ill for three á weeks and now she was recovering.
One of those days when I was going to school with my brother and á he annoyed me.
A condition in which I was disgusted followed when I lost money á on my way home from the college.
It was when I drunk urine during my childhood thinking it was á water. My friend had urinated in the tin.
I felt disgusted when I went to one of the Central hospitals á where my hope of getting good treatment was turned down by one of á the doctors who said I was alright despite my feeling pain.
When I vomitted a lump of blood.
I was really disgusted when I saw one of my friends soiling on á his clothes. I thought he was mad.
In ward 2A there was a patient suffering from Syphilitic á Paraplegia and had pressure sores. The wounds had offensive smell á that only a few people .... the place.
In May somebody blamed me that I made him to be caught while á peeping during the Nursing Test which made me feel disgusted.
I was stopped from entering a party while I was at School but I á had an Invitation card with me. This was done because they said I á was too young to join elderly people.
When somebody made me touch human faeces.
One time at the hospital I passed near the intensive care room. á The offensive smell that came out disgusted me in such a way that á I didn't even dare to enter the room.
I was dancing Malipenga (traditional dance). I exaggerated the á steps I was supposed to make in the negative way. This happened in á front of spectators. It was bad for our Boma (group) because I á was on the front line where ability is displayed and it is this á ability that counts when choosing the winning side.
I felt disgust when I received visitors at an odd hour. I was á seriously preparing for Examinations
It happened that one of my best friends just took my shirt á without my knowledge
After buying a ticket
When a boy whom I refused to be my lover told all his friends á that I was his girl he has refused me because I was not faithful á to him.
I felt disgusted when I was not given money for lunch at school á by my father as a punishment for beating my little brother.
My friend promised to take me out for a movie but he didn't turn á up.
I went to a party and there were some cakes which weren't good á and had a bad smell.
I saw a program on T.V where they had to saw a skull for an        á operation.
I felt disgusted when my cousin decided that she would stop á going to school saying she wanted to get married. She was only 14 á years by then and she didn't understand what she was thinking.
I was disgusted with my brother's behaviour when he kept throwing á things away because of his anger
In my village there was this tax collector who used to cheat á people and collected more than was wanted
When my fellow classmates were involved in a quarrel.
I felt disgusted when my appointment to meet the E.N.T. á specialist had been turned down. The specialist came from U.K. á and went the same day and we do not have one.
I went to a party with my boyfriend who got so drunk and started á vomiting. It was so disgusting.
I received a letter which was too strong for me. It said I had á done something which I really didn't do.
I felt disgusted one day when
When I was a child I broke plates because I wasn't given food on á the grounds of coming home late.
I felt disgusted when somebody told me that my previous boyfriend á was her boyfriend.
I saw a septic
One day I was walking with my boyfriend. We met my ex-boyfriend á and out of jealousy he started calling me names.
I felt this situation when a certain woman from a close village á shouted at my mother because she didn't get what she wanted
One day my friend told me that she had heard that I was moving á about with her boyfriend. I was disgusted with the news.
Once I offended a friend
The carterer refused to give me sugar to add to my tea saying á that there was no sugar whilst it was there
When I boarded Yanu Yanu bus I sat near a man who was smoking á tobacco.
I was disgusted the other day I was told to take off the dog's á faeces around the house since they smelled bad I did the job but á in the end I felt disgusted.
When a boy I hated most in our classroom took my T Jersey from my á desk and put it on.
I met a certain lady at the bus depot who was using a bad á language but was a very smart looking lady.
I was very disgusted the first day I went to put a dead body in á the Mortuary. There were many dead bodies and some were uncovered á so we had to put on top of the other bodies.
I was disgusted when my little sister had been hit badly by her á friends.
I was forced to go to a party with someone I didn't love and he á was telling people that I was his girlfriend.
I was told I shouldn't visit my sister because the holiday was á short.
When I saw a lady putting on a pair of trousers
I felt disgust when I saw a drunkard vomiting very offensive á matter.
Somebody went around spreading news that I like people with á money.
My father promised to send me pocket money at the month-end since á I wanted to buy a new pair of shoes when I was at secondary á school
Given duty by the leaders which I do not like to do.
Class leader told me to collect homework for him.
People not cueing in the college dining room.
Waiting for a bus not coming for a long time
Saw my roommate messing up our room.
Saw my brother-in-law insulting my sister.
The serving lady in the students' dining hall shouting at á studennts.
Class leader getting me to do things he did not want to do.
A girl I do not like kept coming to me and talking to me.
When I was the South Koreans on the TV.
Some foreign students playing loud music late at night.
A woman picked her nose and spit right next to me.
A boy in my class talking too loud in the lecture.
Getting into a crowded bus.
Cueing in the students dining hall.
Doing this pointless questionnaire.
Someone I do not like kept talking to me.
Some students talking when other people are having a nap.
Saw my father with that woman he is married to now.
Saw someone messing up our room.
Finding out that the class leader can go to your lectures
Heard some postgraduate students talking about girls being á unsiutable to do medicine.
Saw someone spitting in public.
Some boys not cueing in the dining hall.
Saw some girls dressed up like Americans
Foreign students playing loud music in the night before the á biology examn.
Saw Chinese people flattering foreigners.
Girls dressed like foreigners in the university.
Finding out that my best friend was deceiving me.
Saw people quarreling in a bus.
Saw people spitting in public.
Someone being arrogant to me.
Someone told me he was chosen for the English lectures because he á was a good friend of the class leader.
Saw a man dressed as a woman.
Saw a very arrogant girl walking like a queen.
Saw someone who picked up a cigarette from the floor and smoked á it.
Saw someone licking his dining bowl.
Saw an arrogant girl walking pass by.
Cueing for a bus and the drivers having long dinner.
Someone I know and respect sexually assulted a girl.
Someone had stolen an article from a library journal.
My roommate's lack of consideration of me.
My roommate boasting about her English lectures.
Finding out that some students are getting good reports they do á not deserve.
Someone told me I was chosen for the English lectures because I á am good looking.
Saw a mate bribing the leader.
Some students whose English is worse than mine can go to your á lectures (English lectures).
Saw someone acting in a false manner in public.
Some students deliberately disobey me as a class leader.
Someone acting stupid in public.
Being looked at by someone I do not like.
Saw a selfish person doing a selfish thing.
Some people not cueing in the dining hall.
Heard someone boasting his fortune telling and I knew he was á lying.
Listening to my roommate boasting about her new clothes.
A wurm dropped on my head.
My roommate messing up our room.
My roommate being nice to a party leader in order to get into the á party.
Saw two Canadian students boasting about how rich they are in á Canada.
My roommate talking and shaking her bed at night.
Some boys boasting about their ability to tell dirty jokes.
Finding out some people had been talking about me at my back. 
Talking to someone I disliked.
A relative not acting on her promise.
Postgraduate students talking about girls stupid.
I had been forced to get together with strange and disgusting á classmates.  The things they talked about disgusted me and made á me feel ill at ease.  I knew that I would feel unhappy if I á stayed there but I was defeated by the social norms.
Someone
Because of the examination I had to study night and day.
I greeted a friend and he did not respond.
I was sitting in the bus and a man with a very unpleasant á smell came and sat next to me
When I was talking to a person who is a hypocrite
Once when I had started to write a paper
Knowing that I had to do the survey with him I felt very á reluctant.  Although I do not know him I feel disgusted by just á looking at him.  Thinking that the project lasted several days I á regreted having joined that project.
When I dined with my new friends
During the Chinese lessons a student often showed off. Moreover á he misbehaved and dressed very badly.  So disgusting !
One day when I was sitting in a not very crowded bus
I am disgusted by people who spoil their identity because of á misbehaviour.  This morning when I was in a crowded bus
In secondary school I had a class-mate who talked too much.   á Once we went to the cinema after school and she sat next to me and á commented the movie throughout  - very disgusting.
I felt disgusted on seeing my boyfriend after our separation.  á One day he was begging at the mass transit railway station and at á that moment I hated him.
I was an instructior in a youth organization.  Whenever we
My girlfriend lost her temper without any reason and she did not á consider or respect my feelings.
I hate the behaviour of my so called friends
When I was a teacher in an evening school
When I was travelling to school by bus
At the crowded conditions of living.  I always quarrel with my á elder brother as he puts the T.V volume at a deafening level and á I can not practise my piano lessons.  Thus I feel that my home is á disgusting.
When I was giving private tutorials to my student; he would not á concentrate and was lazy.  He had not done the home work that I  á had assigned and his academic level was very low.  It was a á nuisance.
When I was studying and someone disturbed me.
Our neighbour came and gossiped
During a recent meeting
When the summer holiday job was almost over.
The behaviour of people spitting everywhere.
It was a narrow and dirty passage which was located near the á market and I had to stand there to wait for people.
In a study group
My classmate got a \B\" for his homework while I only got a \"C\".  á
A  group of youngsters dressed in fads talked foul language on a á bus.  They also insulted the  pedestrians on the road and were á impolite to the passengers of the bus.
A tiresome person held me up all day long.  I was very busy then á (I can not remember what the problem was).  He continously tried á to make me talk to him and disturbed me.
When I saw a lot of rubbish and animal waste on the floor.
Once while studying for my exam I found so many complicated words á that it disgusted me.
[ I would classify subjectively
I used to play with a group of classmates and I found out later á that they were cheap in thought
When I was studying in the library a pair of lovers were sitting á next to me talking in an intense and soft voice.  They were á disturbing others.
My boyfriend and I did not have any contact with each other during  á the Summer holidays.  I met him the day of the registration and looked  á through him.  In the canteen he asked me if I wanted to have a drink and  á I said no as I did not want him to do me a favour.
A brother from one of the Christian fellowship often phoned me á and talked to me for half an hour or more.  However there was á nothing important in the conversation and I found the person very á disgusting.
My mother was always fastidious about my room
Once at a camp a classmate criticized me in front of others.  Now á I find that this classmate is very disgusting.
I made friends with a classmate whose behaviour I did not like - á he tried to flatter other people and did not respect me.
I had joined a youth group that observed the affairs of our á community and so I had many opportunities to contact the á government and the committee members of the district board (a á local executive structure).  We always tried to consult and á discuss with them
A few days back
During these Summer vacations a schoolmate who was not in my á class went to Britain.  Before he left
A few days back I was waiting for the bus at the bus stop.  á Before getting into the bus I had prepared the exact amount of á coins to pay for the bus fair and when I got into the bus I put á these coins into the box meant to collect the bus fair.  I á thought that I had paid and wanted to get inside.  However the á bus driver called me and asked me in an impolite way if the coins á were stuck at the opening  of the box.  He had not seen me paying á and there wasn't a stack of coins in the box.  I could not á understand this and the driver kept questioning me.  He made me á feel angry and at last i inserted a dollar coin in the box just á to get away from him.  Later I found that I had forgotten a few á coins in my pocket and had not paid enough for the fair the first á time.  After I had entered the bus I could still hear him á scolding me and I felt disgusted.
I had a friend who was very kind to me.  I tried my best to like á him and understand him but when I was with him I could not help á rejecting
A friend told me that a boy wanted to get to know me.  At that á time I felt disgusted and thought that it was a nonsense thing.
My friend and I worked for the community centre by holding a booth. á  One day my friend went off to another booth to play.  This á meant that I was very busy and could not maintain order.  His á behaviour disgusted me.
When my roommate and I had dinner together we decided as to who á would clean the bowls.  One day when I came back from school I á found that she had not cleaned up.  Since I had to cook dinner I á cleaned them myself and felt unhappy and disgusted.
Whenever I spoke to a female classmate I felt disgusted.  She á said meaningless things and seemed to indicate something to me á but I did not love/like her.
The curriculum of the year !   The English course was very heavy. á  I had not prepared and the teacher asked several questions á during class.  The students were not ready to answer the á questions and the teacher was frustated.
A man sexually aggressed a small girl in the bus but the girl did á not dare to speak out.
My roommate liked to listen to some meaningless songs which had á melody but had no content.  We lived together so when he played á the recorder I was forced to listen to them.  I could not tell á him that I did not like to listen to the songs
I was at home and I heard a loud sound of spitting outside the á door.  I thought that one of my family members would step on the spit á and bring the germs in the house.
It is so annoying when she starts typing on her computer in the middle of the night!
dammit! hulu desktop has totally screwed up my ability to talk to a particular port on one of our dev servers. so i can't watch and code
@ cayogial i wanted to come to BZ this summer :/ not so sure anymore... a teacher's life in the summer SUCKS
@mrgenius23 You win ... SIGH Rakeem
@soviet_star Damn, that sucks
@mileycyrus THIS WEBSITE GAVE ME A VIRUS! When i opened it more windows kept POPPING up
@IamYeTe Waraku is tasteless and expensive! Portion is so little!!!!!  re: waraku
@britblackbird  youstinkatrespondingtotexts!
don't you hate it when you finish all your work and there's still 1.25 hours left of work time
@melluffsyew Umm yeah. That's probably a pretty good note to self because eeeeeewwwwwwww.
@SparkDawgMusic im doing that shit right now ... im on vacation and you got me workin
would wish the severe migrains would stop!!! doc's prescriptions arent working
@tiffalo cuz airlines are super lame.
I'm so very tired...and have insomnia.
I hate Bakersfield and I hate the Ports, let me go home already.  I want to start my vacation.
I hate the new mt dew commercial..the one with a giant mosquito..it scares me and grosses me out all at the same time.
i HATE when i see pregnant women smokinggg!!!! its sooo irresponsible n selfish! its saaad. ultimately, the baby is the one who suffers.
Lies...lies...lies....you just cant avoid to lie about practically...EVERYTHING!
@lanacaitlin  hahaha well its try its so ugly
I hate when my bf beats da dogs. But I guess that the only way to teach these pitts.
think i may have broke a toe at the bar tonight......thanks drunk girl for steppin all over me!!!!!
my roommate @tess_tickle loves to ignore me
@jcwentz Maths and Science were the strongest for me i think..dunno bout geography, only did like 1 day of study for 1/2 a year of work!
@meganmansyn Hahahaha! It's not horrible, if others were singing with I'm sure it could work. I wish I could afford my own drum set
aarrgghh - fu*k.....a hose has leaked water all over the new floating floor
@ksutt11 ohhhh thunderstorms...boo  why do they always have to make the power go out??
RATT ROCKED NASHVILLE TONITE..ONE THING SUCKED, NO ENCORE!  LIKE IN THE 80'S THEY STILL HAVE A FUN SHOW. PEARCY HAS THAT HOTT BAD BOY LOOK
I have to work in the morning while my friends get to party it up.....stupid bberry lite flashing red and I have no messages!
@all_is_one84 Those suck so bad.
At Charle's with the power out. LOL! Damn SaveMart lost power and we could not buy beer.
hates the net. ayaw bumukas ng twitter.  ://plurk.com/p/wxlxs
on jacksonville beach walking in the cold Ass water   but have to work in the morning   ily &lt;('-')&gt;
@abguerraartist  I am not a pussy! damnit!  [sending you an e-mail right now btw]
@juliaiiivir Hey! That's my school! I hate that place.
plan may changes , nooooooo
my sister is a douchebag
time for tv in bed.Then spending all day catching up on studying  i hate online summer classes
Dang it! I REALLY look like crap!! Sigh only had 35mins to shower and 10mins to get ready
back at Vienna (  ), sooo tired, luggage lost, Manchester 'd been great - very good outcome from Seminar at MBS &amp; great people around ...
@guitar21g @jackie_hussein i have to wake up earlier than i thought.. my dad wants me to take him food at 9AM! no0o0o0o!
Taking back the HORRIBLE shoes my mum made me get.. urgggh. They are some nasty footwear! Problem is, I can't find any other shoes!
night 5 not talking to my victor  i'm so bored at night now. grrrr i hate this shit
gonna get off to try and catch some Z's, no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn't have to grow up!
Sooo.....I'm kinda o sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out  !!!!!!!!
i just murdered two fucking mouses!!! now i cant sleep
sososo bummed, like really bummed, i hate this rain, ruin my date...
Working late at night on a Dell notebook, Dell's quality has gone down hill, warrenty service sucks too, poor people  buy a Mac instead
@calvinharris make the most of pork products while you can, they've fucking stopped importing it here in dubai. bad times
WTF facebook just cleared out my whole survey and i was on the last q, this night gets better and better  what else is next?
Its weird being at the guy's house without them here. I don't like it
@mrskutcher  Where I live, all the small markets deliver their day-old bread to the food bank, but times are really tough, even for me
Doing a mass cleanout of my room before rearranging it. Just sent mother out to buy me a bin and a bookshelf since mine sucks. Bad mood
feeling really sick  watching the fifth element, and about to smoke a cigg. ugh i hate colds!
Bummed that F! F! F! broke up
@StonedSteve yes it was good 2 see them laught at each other,,but that poor lad asking his mum &amp; dad 2 kill him
@GoblinZA Can't access your site!
Its so Fucking hot! Damn no air conditioning.
@hillaryhatt I never liked that boy  Jerms!
this sucks i'm tweetless...and i f'n hate money, why does it have to be an issue
dam it keeps rainin on me
@MissMadalena err i think they're like 15 bucks a ticket cause its 3D too. too expensive
Omg grr my parents left probably 15 minutes ago to belgium and typical i wake up a stupid o'clock
Just watched The Goode Family premiere online... And I think this may be the last episode I watch. It's pretty amazingly mediocre  pass.
and this stupid wireless wont work downstairs
Change my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be N don't wealth that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~
Have to go to work  typical sunshine and deep sleep; stupid friday.
@anant24121986 it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in B'lore and Pune
almost everyone can suck my clit right about now. ive had it up to here with people fucking me over !
says BAD TRIP! (angry)  ://plurk.com/p/wxshi
omg!!! mcdonalds combo and wendys sundae = puke material
I really need to sort out a bird table and some feeders - the robins and blue tits are being bullied
But why do I have to spend it in the office
@MissMaryJ M Jizzle I need u to Hit me too, ugghh I'm sick of this damn phone! Like seriously!
@iamivanxxx That sucks to hear. I hate days like that
This train is so squeaky its givin me a sore head its bad enough i have to go to work!
@Kikirowr Downside though is that you're breaking the thread.
The Taxi Q at Pelangi was super loooong.. and now I'm getting headaches because of the hot-cold transition
@WoWInsider I would be playing my old rogue but a friend took the account and could not get it back
rah rah. youtube isn't working again. oh great
@BrookeAmanda that sucks  what bout kate
lol my other tank/dps friend is having the same problem in a different guild.  wtf is wrong with this server?
my hsbc savings apy dropped to 1.55%. sort of feeling like pulling out all my money and keeping it underneath my mattress.
damn another day at the office, the sun is bursting from the sky...and the women are eh well...back to the keyboard
Another Day gone by....  Have to wake up early again tomorrow
i'm so sick   bad throat and the WORST toothache.  good thing i work in a pharmacy.  load me up with drugs!!
@avrilchan never invite
Gday... Do you know if NHibernate has issues with COM Interop (VB6 &lt;-&gt; .Net Wrapper &lt;-&gt; .Net+NHibernate dll)? I'm getting crazy
@stevecruzblog  It is so unfair, Hustlaball, US citizens working here, Personal Appearances Expectations, Prowler, can I do that there?
Changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be~~N I don't think it worthed that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~;(
he just fully yelled @me saying dnt be so fcking stupid grow up! stop with this band shit then... throws the remote at me thnks love u2
@powertwitter Not a fan of the layout change of hyperlinks. I don't like the indentation and, well, I'm clicking and no link shows.
My stomach is killing me do j can't sleep
@digicho I'm inclined to think it's stupid.
Hates untalented bitches being mean to my talented friends
Arghhh So annoyed-yet again gone 2 starbucks &amp; given skimmed milk instead of soy milk!! I can't have milk so hav 2 throw away! Expensive
@markbuchholz the non-Europers managed to dump the sun here! its gonna be a hot time now!
This is exactly y I hate driving thru dandy - sittin at lights next to a car of asians who r callin out to me &amp; 1 held up a knife  scum!
@AravindJose thanks dude. Being a low level business man its hard to get normal credit cards..also our place is not listed with any bank
@jaysun093  yes it is. Sucks don't it
why the fuck am I on twitter!!!
On way to exam, very very nervous  bah
is tryna find her a 30 yr old junt with a 401 k, stable job, good home with an extra room 4 me and my baggage..so tired of u young dudes
Dang you internet. . . Its been down all night. . .
@bb_nation just launched twittix v1.10 - not convinced
im gonna die of a heart attack one of these days, if i keep going off to bed this pissed.  GGGGGGG'NITEEEEEEEE
How freaking cold is it out in Sydney tonight...
woke up from bad dream.  grrrr
Any city person want to trade n live in the country? House comes w racoons n skunks livin under deck. *sigh*
I hate it when this computer screws up and decides not to play sound on videos
Waiting for my driver! Hate to wait!!!!!
A central lesson of history is that States are parasites which always expand until they destroy their host population. - Stefan Molyneux
@she_shines92 aww that sucks
@dragonflyeyes nick's voice still makes me wanna kill things
@chuybe again your fault  i didnt make u leave
I'm pretty sure Isis has a tapeworm.  So she's allowed to snuggle with me all she wants tonight.
got such sore feet
FUCKSAKE i shouldn't smoke so much stuff.
So damn tired! Another long day trw!
just woke up, I'm starving
@Epiphora I will never forgive you for burying the erotica. You're snuffing out our love.
Had to fix bike chain on the way to work...arrived a filthy, bloody mess   lovely weather though!
wants to move to QLD already, this cold weather is killing me
stuck in huge traffic jam
hates typing on a mac. wishing that i'll be done my english essay soon.  sleeeepy
bah, i h8 waking up
i hate working, especially when the weather is good
Have you ever stepped on a slug by accident? I just did  I hate bugs
Shit week all fucking week  off to the gym now with the worst headache.
my eyes are streaming!! i HATE hayfever  it's so bad even my tablets aren't working!
@GGSerena boo you didnt answer my text
my mind is racing ... b/c of 4 words he wrote.  I hate him, but I hate her most. ... and I can't keep from falling for him
Bluedart takes a shipment all the way before figuring out &quot;No Deliver&quot; and then bring it back! Databases anyone?
Just been bitten by SmoothStreaming, it doesn't seem to work for my client's linux users...fan-fricking-tastic
? MADAYA KA CHRISTIAN. BLEH!!! I HATE U  ://plurk.com/p/wy2yg
I hate this bit
This place blows! My UberTwitter isn't functioning here! Had to switch to TB
Cars been dropped off for service and mot  getting the train home! Hate public transport!!
Hydro drive abandoned after three miles
hmz... second most popular page on this governmental site is the 404 page... fail
@upcomingpixar Too bad we're in Sweden where Up isn't up on the theaters  here until October
@jojototh @abduzeedo firefox ok, but opera and IE - footer is not ok
@berkscub no sorry twitter sucks balls since the replys change  fixreplies
Shit shit, i didn't mean to dall asleep again, it's 9am, I wanted to be out by 9.30. Don't know why I'm so tired,I wasn't late last night
Okay I'm seriously bored. I have nothing to do. I can't go out cause it's raining.
Up earlier because of a stupid orthadontist appointment
@Sihm and the &quot;fuck  &quot; was because I dont get my gift!   I was SO exited about it, and it was sooo awesome...
it should be.. not a wink &gt;.&lt;
; keeps getting such delayed responses. why is my internet so messed up?!
is not paying ï¿½8 per hr for Internet access so may be limited to Twitter via txt
I remember when Vanessa first stepped on to the scene. She would give it up to the paps!  Now shes 2 famous I guess. Use us, abuse us!
Was woken up by my screamin lil nefuew
As predicted i feel lyk shit  gahh i hate bein ill!! At wrk tweet lata xx
I feel so useless
awhile ago it freaking hot! now it's wet  turn off!
@x_Beckiie_x omg are you going to see it?! another reason to not live in devon none of the f***in cinemas have the film im so annoyed
Aaaaaaaa!! I hate fucking winshit!!
Think it may be time for a  lemsip soon, having a cold really sucks
@alexlomas Bastard! I want to be at the beach in the sun
I bruised my toe worse than my I did my finger. It fuckin hurts right now even with ice on it
@ShiGGaShay - I only get bubble tea during the cambodian new year - only once a year  &amp; when i do, i stand in line for over 10-15 min.
@Sarahies I will be ok when I have been to the drs again today and got my essay done  x howre you?? x
Geography papers are so boring!  I hate revision!
urgh, my head is banging.
@robinlefeber Ojee! That sucks...
Oh fml its probs gunna be at shepards bush  i hate it there
Anyone got any remedies for neck pain? Haven't been able to turn my head properly without a bad twinge for a few days now
My record player has decided to die. Why on Friday night? Sad E  ://twitpic.com/667a4
I can't sleep ugh!! and I have shit to do all damn day tomorrow. Wanting to take a sleeping pill but I know Ill get up late
@maddieprior mother is hogging the TV
Hates headaches! Maybe I'm not ready to rock
@razzbingo britain is shit
@nicko236 It was an app that changed your wallpaper to one of several hundred at random intervals. It's hard to find good wallpapers.
trying to get used to twitter, i have a cold
preparing for my spanish.. BAAAAAAAAAAH
I am so damn hungry it's not even funny!
@cynimarie p.s. There is such thing as having too much sushi! Bleeeeah!
What a gorgeous day!! And I'm going to be stuck in a lab for the next 9 hours or so
i'm sick of waking up and feeling exhausted
hate this fucking cold. i can't stop sneezing. and claratyne only works for an hr or 2
in the mailbox already for 2 hours
@JeremyTheXIV i take it you're not a fan
@lordofleisure Will have to it's only across the water and all. Just damned expensive
i can't studyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  i have an exam tom
i know i was wrong. maybe i shouldnt did all of those fuckin things like that
Hey now that I'm on a roll everybody in twitter-ville is sleeping  grrr I never WIN :/ ://myloc.me/1Y2J
Sick, sick, sick. This sucks. i can't even breathe properly
sick of having constant bad dreams  grr
@Jenniferlai7 What can you say about Jayk??I'm pretty pissed at pretty much everything right now
trying to draw some manga/anime for our new website ... very bad idea!   ://bit.ly/k6iOv
Aww.. I lost 3 followers.  FOLLOW ME !
don't want to go!!!
@nixsight  yes indeed, makes it a bitch to try and design universally
IS ANYONE AWAKE?!?!?!?! oh my god i am dying here. i want to go to SLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP. :[
@gerald_d I can't view anything, Gerald. Not only am I banned, I can't even read the damn place.
I am NOT in the mood for a long car drive
://bit.ly/147HEU  - don't judge me. tucking myself in tonight  mogwai on repeat
Getting very frustrated by people who don't know what they want... can't wait to go home tonight...
@tweetie Why do I have to enter my registration details every time I update?
@CheskieBear gosh! i hate it. my school will start in monday too.  and my classes will start 6.00 and end at 12.00 i'll never had a chance
@lordlucan i had terrible trouble with 'sp' words as a child, would drop the 's' pider, pade etc, needed lessons. bad memories
@GarethCliff Oh stop boasting already.  I've got a horrible piece o' crap cellphone.  *pulls a tongue*
hates having to be at work for six am
Fed up today        No-one's available for comment
@Tolman21 I was asleep until my brother woke me up asking me if I ate the rest of the frosted mini wheats. I can't go back to sleep.
@luketurcotte Not having Hulu in Germany sucks
I can't think of a way to express in 140 chars how disspointed I am with the advertising on Lifehacker's Why I Didn't Buy A Mac article.
want to read twilight all day, not work at the stupid cher function
@EricMM76 What's sad is that I actually had to google that term. That sucks, tho.
not sure why I can't get tweetdeck to work on my computer. want to know what all of the hype is about
suffering benadryl hangover this morning and a killer headache.... ugh!
@gprado Awww I HATE that one!!
@KinanLW I live in the Philippines. &gt;.&lt; and honestly i wanna live somewhere with snow!!
sorry paul scheuring, but prison break series finale sucked... in so many levels
ugh damn! my usual babysitters graduation is on Wednesday and I just got a meeting request from my boss during her graduation
school is so pointlesss. seriously though. 7 days of school left and all we do is watch movies and make powerpoints. let me leaveeee
&quot;I'm giving up on you. I don't care how you mess up your life now.&quot;... :'(
@cskly Kev, fuck off! I'm stuck in Westgate working
My generation is too fucking apathetic to party down in the desert. 30+ knows how to have fun and my age group is generation myspace?
I never get invited to go anywhere
Sighs, well I accidentally clicked back space on my mouse
I hate packing
Seems like everyone I know is asking for computer help...   kill me now
When r these DAMN exams ever gone b over and done with?  i wanna b out in the sun
unemployment office sucks
Can I get some gd news for gods sake
I am doing Geography Revision on Earthquakes!  How Boring!!
What a burden. Abit of a fail lunch with Dan
Right, fuck the whole Twitter silence experiment. The last four days have been murder with the inability to mouth off
THE SUN IS SHINING&lt; THE SKY IS FACKING BLUE&lt; TELETUBBIES? I HAVE TO FUCKING WORK.
@Jimmers31 U so dirrrrrty... Why oh why did I pick the Hawks  I figured I needed a longshot and they were a better bet than CAR
super late for work, and got an earful from the PSYCHOPATH. GRRRR! Day, please get better
@jojeda I'm a minute in and I want to strangle the used car salesman doing the presentation. Is he related to the ShamWOW guy?
rt : @LiLi214 ughhhh got fuckin pulled over for talkin on my cell in a school zone  FUCK HIGHLAND PARK POLICE rude mofo
Im sure the 5 ppl who came in after me will be seen by a dentist before I will
@dmolsen Gain an instant follower, just use the tits tag in a tweet. WTF? Lesson learned, Summer of Todd to get a new *official* tag.
Stuck in an office, red hot
Really? 87 degrees as the high and I'm on my way to work?!?  hagg lake tomorrow is going to be especially bomb sauce!!
://twitpic.com/66mw1 - My poor car
@chellemariee I have my 830 class  fuckin school! what time you work wed? if jade comes ima have to get her in antioch at amtrak.
@iskrin rubbish!
Some idiot just crashed into me on his bike.  Now my bike has a small dent in it and I have to buy a new set of pedals
Locked out of my fucking house!
Trying to recover photos after a problem between Windows and my XD card. Result: shots are all half visible  damn Microsoft...
i hate history coursework sooo much
just got a haircut, NOT happy!
Tweetiful people, I am sick.
@VVbrown It just sucks that I'm stuck in an office  but I have you at Selfridges to look forward too.
@Andy_Hawk @andy_sims works sucks without being able to stream KWOD
i hate feeling like this about him  i need a break away from everyone... as soon as exams are over i'm defo off to portsmouth for a bit
EVIL CREDIT CARD COMPANIES!!  God, and just when I was starting to *build* my credit again - I get this stupid 'ding' from them!
Gahh ! This weather sucksss !
I really like how the weather widget on imac and iphone always predict different weather...not!
@ryanmtedder He is the truth! But what about Maxwell? You can't forget the future father of my children!
urgh, i really hate that medicine
feels so used I hate guys grrrr
@erinealberty that sucks!
@ZomberellaMcFox not a fan
Kyles going out of town this weekend  play time wif my fwiends. Rawrrr.
@principalspage Grrr. We don't finish until July 3rd.
can't gauge the time of day in my office anymore... It's worse than a friggin' casino in here... no waitresses, smoking, or booze
@chevale my internet is being a ***** again!!! wtf. i think im gonna sleep afterward. internet is driving me crazyyy!
Back in Glasgow, stuck in traffic on the M8
@BrittanyASnow omgsh i know  i'm dealing with that rite now. its no fun!
Getting ready for week  Its too nice today to be stuck inside working!
I hate going to the dr  just wasted 1 hour and a half for them to say my back pain is probly depression or stress. Duhh! I need it fixed
FML. . .i have the worst paper cut on my knuckle from all the papers i was handling. i hat this damn research paper!!!
i HATE U.S. history
aahhh! nyc placements have started to come out, but it looks like upgrades have to wait yet another two weeks for placements! dreadfully
lousy mofo landlord.   need to focus on kid's packing but cant . nevermind sew sleeping bag
Ugh! I can't access through my mobile web!
@lishreece She has her perfect moments. She just broke one of the tiles on the floor in the hallway. I don't find her very perfect now.
@yerex UGH I HATE QUEUEING
Weather sucks!!... It's raining again!!
hates this weather
FACT 1: iHate DirecTV OnDemand w/a passion that burns w/the white hot intensity of 1000 suns. FACT 2: iMiss Comcast. Like a lot
Yukky  Rainy Friday
I was awoken by loud banging and it continues all day  Good thing I got an early rest last night!
@TheColorAbi That sounds shitty too.
@To_The_Moon Hiya hun! It's just not my day. Dentist appointment (ouch!),notebook being a bitch. Feeling sick  How's you?
Infamous should have arrived today. But it didn't...
@davenavarro6767  it so sucks not having fast internet   dial up sucks everything takes to long to load no way i would have won
@Aubs my thoughts exactly re: leaving my 3 dogs. They al hate when they see the luggage come out
@db412 Amen to that! My vitamins made me so ill  I felt better before i started taking them!
@LAKEVIA @kingdobson dont listen..he do him..but I tried not taking a nap yesterday and I still was up til 1am and than I got up at 7am
i have no idea wtf im doing
i hate the biatches of this world
I hate when it's cloudy. I either want it to be all sunny or raining. It's cloudy
I have had it with job hunting. I try all day and nothing works  I bet I couldn't even work at the strip club because of my cider belly!
@LRon_Jaii :-S weirdo leave him alone
ow, I just rolled over my toe with my desk chair.
@RoTone u suck! had i went to jail i couldnt tweet anymore
Got the sniffles   I SO don't want to get sick - I don't need this.
Just got woken up by my mom... Our ENTIRE first floor is flooded. All our furniture, curtains, moms expensive rugs.... Soaked and ruined
@mcpactions bugger didn't know that  shame people have to stick there nose in!
I HATE FLORISTS  No rose for cassadee tomorrow now =/ fricken fag florist people ={ hmm..need something else...hmm...
@doug251192 not impressed....! it might go away if you complain too much!  x
i hate my new section this school year.. huhu..
Stupid kubuntu keeps on freezing on me. I thought linux never freezes
@charlej47's going to Disney World, lucky bitch.
TGIF I don't like 12 hour workdays  I need to stand up, run around 4 a while.... too much sitting!!! Plus, I have honest ade tea 2day! YAY
@EddieMalone yeah sucks eh!
@michelleflores Michelle, I slept for 11 hours last night. I'm still stick with this fever.
ive very picky about what i put in my mouth. i hate onions. they make me cry  )
in about half a hour i'm going to my english lesson...guess i'll have to wait...and wait for a couple hours so i'm over with it.(( :S   ))
This class is really long and I'm really getting hungry
GIVE A HATER A Hug ? Why would you do that? I don't like mwean people
@trvsbrkr it's not working here
Stupid MSN It wont let me onnnn
so disappointed with human kind   &quot;What's wrong with the world?&quot;  I have five girls in the garden, innocently enjoying the good weather...
Working  god I hate it haha
@sarahchambers19 Ooo you is back!  Good time? and argh! It hurtssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!  Xx Hate headaches!
fuck you ipod for freezing when i need you most
@daisyamy me too i hate revision
@Cheapflights_uk  o2 - train from Bristol to London. It's terrible - and no wifi
@Katt53 no news on the kid. They can't find the parent!
stupid HIP!! I hate you!! And I can't even break in my new kicks!!!  GRRRR!
@RobbiedaKid no I was too slow  I hate getting the trailhead then not getting in.
just thought about how unfair 3 ppl have been 2 me n got depressed again  HATERS!!!
A thursday. Is that REALLY necessary @jonasbrothers ? Have u ever heard of school and horrible mums
We waste way too much paper @ the office... for nothing worthy, that almost disgust me
im tweeting... this is so hard... i dont get it...
@Cyhwuhx You look nothing like your Twitter avatar!
hate living down here in fl. missing GA like crazy...like they say you dont know what you got till its gone  GA on my mind
i have geographie next  and I HATE IT!!!!!!!
I hate that I am so stinkin tired everyday!  It's so hard to get up...I thought I was supposed to start getting energy back now.
fuck you tony
Is waiting, yet again. please, just let this to be over
Open office &quot;writer&quot; is weird. I need Word to open word documents correctly
Shower. Then back to bed. So sick still.
Weather sucks. APUSH filming has become a maybe  At least banquet is tonight
im grounded tonight  i hate stupid silent mode
Then back to fucking school
@ThePaul it's a modded 360, so you can't send it back?  That Red Ring of Death sucks!  It took weeks to get mine back from Microsoft.
My new car is already giving me problems  That cant be a good sign.
@t0ns:  nou moe... stomme banken/crisis shit :S
@CapAtomyc That link isn't working for me for some reason
Just dropped my sistah off @ lax.    fb
@huma_rashid reeeaaaally... why though??  ew i hate stockings
has not finished the bio mols mind map  stupid sheet hid sections from me on the back!
So booooored  I learned this though! ????????
Worst day ever. And its only noon.
i want a ghd straightener but the shipping costs 50 pounds? NO DEAL!
@thenk83 I've been waiting about the same time to get in, its whenever they feel like it...
Son of a bitch...my media thing that streams music from home isn't working again  Why can't itunes play music from my iphone
@AnnieOleary its not a starfleet one  its not even a romulin one  its like the random one i dont remember ha. and you cant wear it! lame
@WhitPR lol... i've been in Bk for over a year... going on 2 and u haven't come yet!!!
I told andrew that JT is going to cameo @ MTV movie awards. He said, &quot;he's pissing me off.&quot; guess they're in a fight
Frustrating when u r in the mood, but your partner is at work. Ugh!
@EllipticEye  ....what did she EVER do to piss them off?    I thought you just meant casting-related wank, not more of that crap.
Last Friday of Highschool...that's intense! One more test to go...economics. Ewww man!
Ugh i hate not having my car!! i miss you my little ford focus!!!
i'm getting ready for tonight (teachers dinner on the beach!) but it's raining and i hate this!
French isn't meant to be taught to asians
Damn, need to replace MacBook display. CHF 670 for work and hardware - almost half of the MB price
So I got the day off cuz I had hundreds of things to do....then I woke up with a f*ckin migrane...there goes my day in bed
@Natalie_McLife yeah that is the one thing i hate about tweetdeck
Just look @ this hellacious desk...good grief  ://short.to/cevd
I hate hiccups
hates putting in new contacts
English exam! Bleh i hate vocab
Holy crap...Sharapova is taking a beating from an unseeded qualifier...ok, o back to doubles!
@tylerakira - ughhh!!! have to go back there tonight
Today i Know, My Life Is Empty...  Thats sad but real!!
@brooketastic my keys were cracking and crap. I kind of miss my old phone already.
Too hot. Station isn't packed but train packed. No windows open on train. Roasted sardines.
@socialcalamity Haha k we should stop here. If not, it's going to turn into a bitching section. Ohwell, my parents just came home
grr!  i hate being damn near forced to go places.  especially to sit on a bus for an entire day just to sit in a house in podunktown, va
My TweetDeck is languishing in API Hell. Again.
@lelebaby21 @JazzyFiierce u guys are soo unfair smh...
Oh god, a moth was living in a fucking power outlet!  (Actually, my PowerSquid.)
@Hatz94 me too. I hate my computer so much..
so much for an amazing day...some pervert just ruined it
my feet are cold.....i hate when my feet get cold
my zoids torrent crashed after 8 hours of downloading.  it was only 6% done at that time, because apparently i'm the only zoids fan ever.
FreeSat's coverage (Sky dish) is really, really bad at the moment, blocks all over the place, really annoying!  ://bit.ly/191TpR
projects suck
And my basketball is flat and there was a massive spider in my pavement chalks  Now the sun has gone in. FML.
@ZomberellaMcFox if I do that, I'll have no pc
having a reli gd holiday .. buh now have to revise  x
@Karmina13 what's up? what happened? DM me if you need to. TXT on my phone is defunk'd
Hello!Im back andIm drunk,  and as much asI love my friends,I hate how they unintentionally make me feel inadequate.Ineedhelp
Jealousy makes u into a different person ... I freakin hate being this way  gotta suck it up I guess
Had the hottest and stressiest day at work  f the area manager. So happy to be going home!
@Devotfeige man that sucks.
@danipoynterjudd  its awful. Xxxx
oh i hate friday evening.
@KatieJaneWatson Oh, I forget things you see. Ahah. I hated that! It creeped me out.
@wilstobbart I'm still at work
@NikkiStixx @valentinamia omg you guys will know when I'm getting nasty!!  My head hurts
Waiting in a long line at chick-fil-a
I need a blankie  this trains an icebox
Came home after getting ratty in a shop with the staff and a blister on the foot. Meh
Flip flops are a menace! I've cut one of my feet  Ouchies.
@redhalo_pax That sucks.
Just here at work........just got out of a meeting with my staff.... I had to be the big bad boss today.
why the hell is it raining!! i hate the rain.
@hyper_baffoon ooh if youre on the computer making your playlist come online pls, im bored now that ive blocked everyone again
Twenty minutes on a fucking call you would think that the person would mention there is already a trouble ticket investigating the issue
@frostedbetty Oh, I'm so sorry. I feel your pain. I can't kill them either, and I'm always the one that finds them. Why is that?
ahh I hate being sick  Watching atonement! and sleeping
@beachnerbum I hate June gloom. I was getting so excited for the beach.
1 week before the palm pre comes out and my centro dies. I have a temp phone but my contacts aren't transfered yet. sadpanda fb
God I HATE scary movies. They are not fun at all. I'm such a wimpy.
ebay should just die! after not using my account for 4 years, i cant unlock it. and their support is dead, aka: auto-hello-scripts
@celticfish this is a travesty
6 freakin days!!  Just a thought...what would I have to look forward to after this?
left school just now. my new dress broke, the strap ripped off
Got the keys to my new flat - gorgeous weather for weekend - and i'm spending it &quot;PACKING&quot;
I am up, and having to deal with another rainy day  What the hell happened to summer, its so freakin cold!
Just got to work  Today is going to be another long ass day!
Walking to class. I hate not having a bike....especially mine.
@keirkafka I love it. Tell me it didn't match my shirt perfectly. Can you just not move PLEASE? What am I supposed to do without you?
I'm drawning in emails
I had to postpone the photoshoot. Stupid Wisconsin weather. Why can't it be sunny? Working out, tanning, preschool grad night, then out!
last night in cork  and come tomorrow i wont even remember it... double sad face  haha... in the words on lily allen.. NOT FAIR!
Grrr..stupid internet connection ruined a great scrabble game
Geez I'm hating bein at work till 10 on a day like this I feel like its a wasted lovley day
@bitterpurl I don't even look at their fabric unless I need polar fleece.   It's worth the extra $ to go to Needle and Thread.
Today in the friendly game one asshole hit me in the knee. Now, I'm lying in bed with a heating cream (stinks) and ice. bore very much
OMG The LG KC910 touchscreen fone is such a pile of shite!! Roll on new contract in 18 months
@JuiceOwens WHATS THE VIDEO?? I CANT WATCH IT!
is so gutted she can't get tickets for pink!
is somewhat irritated by people coming up to me and asking if I'm so and so from TV, or that I look familiar. I thought I was original.
The trains turned into a microwave
I'm really getting sick ugh Fuckin nursing homes! Laying in bed, might go run later, watch some more movies with Austin. Sara &amp; Sami left
This is slowly going to drive me crazy i hate leaky faucets they're frustrating! I'm ready for a nap but there's no naptime at work
Never before in the field of human conflict have so many hard drives died on me.   What a waste of a day.
Going to shawnee........I hate the long drive there...i just want to get all this paper work over with
@MoneyMakinMatt shut up fool ....where you been at??? i dontlike the fact that you keep abandoning me
@StaceyVPofWC i was sent home yest from work, when in again today but feel like hell and burning up with a high temp, got it off hubby
Lost at bowling again  why do i suck
So hot today =_=  don't like it and i hate my new timetable, having such a bad week
://twitpic.com/66xlm -  hate when my PARKED car gets hit
@teamincredible ALL white shoes make me cringe  . White shoes give me pause.
My mouth hurts from this stupid retainer!!
Oh god, I want to blow up my tooth. It hurts.
Is UPS like the cable company and doesn't show up til the last possible moment? I'd like to take a nap before school gets out
@CaronsBeachHs  Still dealing with quite a bit of pain, will jump off here soon to lay down,very frustrating  Thanks 4 asking
@RobynHumes Can't  Bro on laptop &amp; Salm on comp! Me stuck with Wii :'( xx
is fed up of stupid bots adding me
Just finished reading Chuck Palahniuk's &quot;Pygmy&quot; and kind of hated it. I'm really disappointed; I had pretty high hopes for this one.
Hanging out at the San Fran airport. Got a few hour wait until I go anywhere...BTW SFO's $7 wifi is garbage.
On my way 2 work damn sinus headaches suck
Got tired of the kitchen being uninhabital so swept and mopped the floor when its dry I'll do the work tops
Sitting in Mrs. Martins class, youtube is being stupid. and i REALLY want a popsicle!!! jealous of Sara
@Mezzie1221 you are a slow answerer!
@cre8tn You and your Yuotube links.  DENIED at work.
itsucks when everyone but the one i want to text me is texting me!
Youtube is made of fail right now. Or maybe it's just me that it hates.
@soniei argh. I don't like ebay. I got outbid at the last second
Not a bad back 43. Piss poor front tho. 90 still unbroken
Goddamnit! If we live in an age of constant communication why can't anyone return a text
ï¿½anisalovesu me too. I am so so upset,especially because i fear i won't get a Jared hug tomorrow
Uploading a 1Mo video with microb and on 3G Network in the train is really slow
sometimes i got tired dealing with my own dilemmas..
@orbitaldiamonds That drives me nuts.
Shit. My friend's in such a state and I don't know how to help him. Nothing I say seems to be helping and I wish I knew what to say
@sierraphares oh! Yeah,your mom told be about that.  I thought you meant his twitter ID &amp; I was very confused. That sucks. Sick.
Ughh. That Miley creature song has infested itself in my brain!
I hate my life
hates these khaki pants! project to do todayy
Dear Allergies.. i hate you.. please go away...love always... your victim..
i JUST fucking cleaned the whole kitchen....and the asshole comes home &amp; is going to make a mess of it...my mom didn't even get to see it
John making me wear a mask and gloves at work cause I'm sick. Says he doesn't want to catch swine flu.  ://yfrog.com/02mxjj
hut myself in the face with a hammer earlier by accident  obviously it hurts.
hates the everything about  seafood.. just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, I gotta headache.. ugh! smh...
ScREW MY PHONE. ITS BROKEN. DONT BOTHER TEXTING.
I want to shoot Viva Hate... this is only the second time since I got my new camera I've had a chance, and the other was pitch black
at f***** work  .... want somebody to come ???
I don't like the heat, as global warming will eventually destroy the Earth, and the sun will inevitably eat up our planet,  grim
Busy busy bee.....  I wish I didn't have 2 do laundry! Worst
I hate: midgets! Smfh! Had a dream I was fightin 1 LN in Boston Market, turbull! He kept head bunting me
@nick_carter  Ey boy!! I canï¿½t see the video because youtube says me :The vid is private. Why?  I want to see it. Besos grandes guapo!!
Ugh.. Fricken Internet is down. Can do like 0 work without it. I want back in college just for the connection
I really ain't woth a f*ck. I can't do anythin right.   What's wrong with me?
Sad making! Bought Guitar Hero Metallica for my hard working soldier and it is not reading disc!
@thebookpolice actually, in Sweden the IKEA's do have rooms to stay the night. Not here though, I'll have to stay across the street.
Almost all are here now! Tomorrow at 8 we start! 291km's of mud  - ://mobypicture.com/?zx33t1
Hate I am going to miss the tweet up this weekend
Ready to kill myself  i hate history
YESSS, FLASH IS BEING SHITTY TONIGHT!  It.........takes.................time...........to.........open...........a..........webpage......
and this terrible cartoon that's supposed to be mexican.
@TinaBinaTooReal not funny he profiled my ass. Like wtf? I'm still kinda heated. Ugh
both electronic keys stopped working. there is no keyhole! cant get in my car. so much for technology
I hate crowds   ://tr.im/mONi
It's the weekend, its sunny..... and I got another puncture!!!
@followfrankie u feeling urself so much u cant say hi???  me no likey u
someone WOULD give a speech about loved ones in the hospital. Stupid COMM class
i don't know !!
I hate the dentist
@vamp411316 haha that sucks! actually mine is worse. mines ft math  eww
lif's unfair....luk wat it did to ma frend...i m so hating it
@debbieseraphina not very effective for me  i am stuck! i either sit up, let it cramp or lie down and pay the consequence later. EEPS!
wow. i just install twitter fox. I am tired to keep refresh my browser
DIDO &quot;US 2 Little Gods&quot; ://ow.ly/9UIn &quot;Just this moment/ Let it all stop here/ I've had my fill&quot;...words that make you panic...
This is getting on my nerves. I cant change my pic
Tummy hurts  oh noes
specially when you're already burneded. wore mums shoes as well, and now im all blistered. it sucks balls..
Well its a good thing ''march'' wasnt very long and i didnt like it...cuz its deleted. Ugh
I so hate riding the bus. 1) It's a damn sauna in the summer! 2) Like could it kill the guy a few seats up to shower once a month??
have to return my sideways. fuck meds and bills.
Hates having broken wrist and has PE next ugh
I BET BLACK PLANET, LOL, I DIDNT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT, BUT SHE WAS UGLY.
So bored in chem n im super hungry! Ugh
GAWD, I'm so tired still! I have to move out of here into my new place by 5:30 PM, cause I work.  So stressed! FB
Stupid idiot who ran a stop sing and almost killed me and my car!
why bother @ing at celebs? eh? cause it's almost like talking to them
I really hate revision
Okay, so now I want to scream....Idk why this one doc has done this to me 3 days this week!!!!RRRRR.
Hey ugh im sick and its summar !
Oh, fuck me. I've just returned from the Supermarket Of Doom to find that I have nothing to drink here.
Swolen as shitt  boo hoo
@DeJonGrant I accidentaly slammed my finger in the trunk
@devon_leigh u know wut devy dev it sure does suck havin no ID!! My weekends r gone miserable for 3 weeks so drink 4 me plz!!
Just noticed @ubertwiter didn't get the location right again!  Maybe a way to preview it before sending would be handy??
@lindentreephoto yeah, its super crap today   Stupid writing!  ugh
Still hating the whole Twitter replies thing. I feel like I'm missing bits.  fixreplies
I work for a man that is so bad at his job that the whole team want to leave, and all believe we would make more money if he wasn't here
Geometry is so Damn boring.  waste of time.. 20 more minutes left
1 of my most hated jobs. Clipping coupons &amp; going thru house, top 2 bottom &amp; making grocery list. Took forever &amp; now major shopping trip
I hate this weather  i wanna bake
@_ophelia Oh, Hamletgasm! I hate having to work 12 hours today!How utterly crap, I miss everything! [managed forum for 5 min on break  ]
Left &quot;Up&quot; due to out-of-focus projection.   Hopefully my complaints to theater management will get it fixed for everyone else still there.
i dont wanna do this anymore! but the couch is jus sittin in the middle of the floor. do i really HAVE to finish?
almost died. Laptop screen was set to 100% brightness after I reinstalled Windows Vista. Got a headache now  insanedefaults
@_missJP LMAO! ugh i know, i need to sleep the Qdoba off before i do all that workin out. and no, ur pic doesnt show
For some dumb reason my dresser is sticky on top. And for another reason, a family history book got attached to it  Now the back is jacked
@CourtJsallis  lolll, i cba to get the sun stuff and i forgot that the back of my leg wouldnt gwt tanned lol. it hurts sooo bad right now
okay... I can't twitter anymore.. I have to study..  ugh I HATE SCHOOL.. jk. but I thoroughly dislike it...
@BretWolfe its a travesty, no? and, the people who are doing this said they'd THINK about involving joss whedon!!!!
ughh on the phone with HP!
Friday night and still working...oh wait..it's Saturday morning already
Borrowing my Mom's Lenovo laptop The trackpad and the battery life suck balls for quarters. Seriously missing my MacBook Pro
The only thing I hate about Playoff Pens hockey is how much the tickets are! I wanted to go to a game but there 300$ a ticket
Wishing I could kidnap @candrews from work
damn fight night 4 demo won't load, keeps crashing at the first screen. time to delete and re download i think
@KourtneyKardash i hate this weather! When u have lived here ure whole life u get used to it...may is always rainy  @RobKardashian
@lozzy hahah I wish that was true. This is really really bad  just gonna stay home and chill tonight. And as usual I REALLY wanted to go.
@Xantiriad the music in the trailer was terrible imo, cheesy handbag house. I was expecting some dnb or hard house
Funerals are no bueno
Getting AxKit running on Ubuntu 8.04 is making my head explode.
i hateeeeeeeeee telemarketers!!!!! gotten about 10 phone calls today from them and its only 3 in the afternoon!!
...  Headed to Hospitol : Had to pull out of the Golf Tourny in 3rd place!!!!!!!!!!! I Think I Re-Ripped something !!! Yeah THAT !!
@chezpim they are terrible little beast but if the garden is small you can simply collect them, or you can buy poisonous food pellets
Hairdye patch test has just smeared all over my WHITE duvet cover  fucking cunts. &lt;3
anyone have tickets to the mtv movie awards? some guy scammed me
this week has been awful.
Have to keep bumping the mouse so my computer doesn't go to sleep. No Internet access  No files to work on. Slowest Friday eeeeevvveeerrrr
The new tecas driver license design is ugly
I cant get all my rwitters on my phone this phone sucks
completely bummed.  I'm stuck in a ford focus for the weekend.  My car's in the shop.
@22jenny I hate snood. lol. sorrry  i dont know how people play it!
Dont you hate when u take a bite of an apple and its nasty?im a very sad panda now
I don't want to quit my job.
@grizzmusic wheres the music mannnn!!?? my inbox is still empty
@DR I'm SO jealous- it's pouring right now
I really don't like this weather
@ep31 well twitter doesn't even work from my phone anymore
@ctrleverything We're off.  I'm sorry. Parents coming in around 10-11, gonna eat with them, then house-hunt in Richardson. RAAAAIN CHEEECK
@Don_J think so.. although think i am being ignored! not a good day
@LadyLucius Oh eww that is suck!
my brother is irritating. and not just bc he takes &amp; wears my clothes without asking. i want to punch him violently for shit he does.
Friday has a whole different meaning when you have to work Saturday and Sunday
Ughhhh...mad as ppl make me some times...I don't like 2 have 2 do yucky thngs  I am NOT cut out 2 deal w HR stuf...ppl's tears kill me!
@heartystew Trickery?  No, just exasperation at seeing gay Pride hijacked by a politics bigger and uglier then anything it's meant for
Walmart bails on sponsorship!
Just realised i am a very angry person in georgia. Too groggy and uncomfortable and i still haven't driven!
@dougiemcfly me too. shit.
My ear are popping.
Ugh i have boom boom pow stuck in my head and i hate that song
FML not having a car is prohibiting finding a job
was so excited to eat the wartermelon i bought the other day and it was terrible and not sweet
Booo totally bored!
@ZRHERO wont work!  and it keeps disconecting my pod.. :@ I officially hate it now.
@ColetteThomsonx pure twittering my friends  he's a pure nymph or summmit. I'm FANTABULOUS. miss yeees guys.
@trentvanegas Oh damn. That really sucks
I hate going to work on nights that I'm in micro.   At least I get to work with @samaasla!
I need to lay down. Cramps suck asshole.
Damn internet jus cut me off!  was bout 2 shoot sum guys eye out  ~*~KANDI~*~
@happyseaurchin It tells me I'm not a member of the private beta  and I'm not going to just start pretending to assassinate people
So freaking tired. I want my sleep pattern to be normal
Screw you guys and your prom pictures
Stupid jobs, idk what to do.
my new dress looks sort of...horrible   ://twitpic.com/64mdc
is all alone  sick of doing this assignment! someone do it for me!!!
I HATE when my alarm doesn't go off
just finished playing mahjong. I lost $38 to Mag and Weisheng!
The weather is gross outside. It puts me in a bad mood.
@AmberClare I want too soo bad, I hate missing GUMBO, but I have a shoot tommorrow that I have to be at for 8:30.  So No GUMBO for me....
MAD AS HELL! SOMEONE STOLE MY PINK &amp; BLACK LEAPORD PRINT PUMPS I WANTED TO WEAR TODAY  BUT TO GOD BE THE GLORY, HE'LL BLESS ME ABUNDANTLY
work is depressing the hell out of me  i want someone to fukin come on holiday with me in august
So, again, who wants to loan me some money? Anyone? No  Damn Economy   -kicks it-
Phone disconnects my internet. Right in the middle of an uber.  Also, first Tweet from inside of Steam.
Happy 2 b out of school!!!!!!! People just piss me off sometimes
ugh! nothing to do in the valley  Seriously gotta move out of here!!!
Hating GCSE geography
ooo my goddddd; vodafone trouble. no network
I started X-Slimmer at eight this morning, it's still going  I hate that it always want's my friggin password.
Wow seems like a lifetime since I been in here........never change to talktalk! Home phone n broadband not been workin 4 ova a week now
does not like ups much today...
im trying to put up a pic but it wont work!!!!
@LimeIce you didnt even send me a nice bid  twpp
I hate tomtom. City traffic sucks
egh blah and boooooooooooo i dunno wanna go to work  HANGOVERS SUCKKKKKK Im a drunk mess!
The case for my iPod Touch is literally falling apart.  So junk
is a bit tired. I blame the rain.  ://plurk.com/p/x2jc9
I just ate some burgers from Jack In The Box and im not sure if I want to continue eating burgers
I want to get my braces removed sooo bad!!!!
I don't want to apply for jobs!!!
**i hate my hair hiss tee, I feel like I shuld hang out in the ghetto wid dis style
Delayed flight  San Diego to Las Vegas. Why do delayed flights feel sooooo damn depressing!
The new resigned cricinfo : ://tinyurl.com/mxlcuvI hate change
This chair is not comfortable at all
i have become my mothers slave.
sooooooo NOT happy, wattching disney channel....rubbish rubbish rubbishhhhhh, didnt get my jonas 3d poster  the dude wasnt there but im..
Wating to get my hair cut before prom. It sucks people screaming instead of talking.     Probably going to be wating for another hour  ...
My day on the computer is about to end. Dang. I hate not being allowed on the computer.
The new resigned cricinfo : ://tinyurl.com/mxlcuv I hate change
@theECA i think that violates my noncompete
Not smoking sucks sucks FUCKING SUCKS, I want a cig
The new redesigned cricinfo : ://tinyurl.com/mxlcuv I hate change
EVERYONE VOTE FOR MILEY CYRUS FOR THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS BECAUSE I CAN'T THAT DOE'T WORK AT ME I'M FRUSTRADED :@
being surrounded by student houses having barbecues and playing shit music is hardly conducive to a good job-applying frame of mind
Headed to Parking Facilities to turn in permit renewal. Not being across from the breakroom means I check snailmail once a month.
@Esme_Cullen8 i hate the rain *laughs*. thanks *smiles* i miss her loads i couldnt stop crying before
@juicy2009 &amp; I got too much work to do
ummm. no it didnt work so i guess im stuck with this uglyonee
@lizacosta Agreed...this time of the year we should change the motto to &quot;The Soggy State&quot;...my backyard looks like a swimming pool
I just told the people that matters the most to me to just leave me alone... I fucked up again.
i got locked out my carrrr  had to call a lock smith. - $35.00
@FreyaLynn damn, for reals? wtf
Bubbletweet hates me
BGT  Piers shouldn't have buzzed when the little girls were singing
in a bad mood now  annoying when its sunny
@carolinejjordan are you on about BGT im not watching it tonight i cba  my mates where on it on tuesday  xx
@SavingAmalthea that sucks
@mmsanwar I hate how I won't see you ever again and especially next week because I won't have anyone to go yum cha with
@ coming to work w/ a rag on your head.
@Fletcherrrr awk thats shit  why isn't she coming?
@marcosrivera08 I am very angry at this information Marcos!!!!!!
@doudoubebe There are 3 other Drs. in the office and only mine does this  It drives me nuts, especially when it is an appt. for my kids.
Ugh, i hate waiting in airports. I couldn't find a seat near an outlet either.
hates not having money  roll on payday!
@snowgirlsungirl I am sure every office has them. Men and women with no capacity to realize they should SHUT THE UNHOLY FUCK UP, Christ
Ummm I'm really f*cking annoyed that my computer won't let me get on facebook. every other site known to man--yes-- facebook-- no
I've come to the conclusion that lemongrass chicken tastes like lysol -  so much for lunch!
dammit - I slept in; now I have even less weekend to enjoy  - off to Azeroth bbl!
id be happy thats its friday if i didnt have to work tomorrow  blah
@katecameron2002 Oh same here, can't believe they killed him off!  Hate Stringer now!
I think I did okay on my Math Test today. I really really really hope I did. If I didn't I swear I will get SO mad at myslef.
cold,so cold fuck!
@RawrEli Aww that sucks
Fkkk at the nurses coughing up my lungs
ok so this eye doctor guy is taking forever and i'm sitting in a cold room by myself...what? A jerk!
@methodphoto I think you need to define what you mean by 'clue'. Won't be at WWDC this year
@gillian9 Aww, I had one yesterday, they suck
This weather sucksss
@kmrasmussen nah. How it sucks to wear a suit and how the temp goes up 10 degrees when someone sits next to you
Musem equaled FAIL!!!!! hall of fucking life was closed cause of construction
Why are CDs in HMV so overpriced? ï¿½12.99 for @billyraycyrus? I hate having no money
@tommcfly you didn't come to see the hosts at hilton mr. thomas. we spent lots of money for nothing. that's boring
oh no, gotta fillout more paperwork for my new job, daayum, this is going to take a while!
depressed; my best friends pissed @ me
On the subject of frosty beer - My bloody fridge has conked and my beer is warm
argggggg car crash tv its just sooooooooo horrible to see her like that  bgt
enjoying a fresh mango bubble-tea slush   but still at work
I hate that place!
I hate that you can't edit loose-in-the-tweetisphere tweets, as you always notice spelling mistakes a millisecond after clicking 'update'
Mad because quiz 5 answer on the BET Ford Fusion sweepstakes are all wrong
Fuck the day flies when u got 3647 things to do and only 8 hours to do it in!!
The only thing about preparing 5 sermons in one week is just when you think you are done...you have to prepare the powerpoint slides
Not making good time, fucking Chicago traffic  - Photo: ://bkite.com/07XOi
why does twitter hate me i cant put no photos on my page
Well off the clock twitter friends. Sidenote: I hate commuting in heavy rain
@SQLDBA Sorry  I'll make sure to bomb in talk at SSUG next month as penance ;-)
only gets spam in her college email account now. What a way to rub in graduation.
@djbelle LMAO!I was JUST thinking how I fucking hate @ least 3 people that I'm following...but I haven't unfollowed em' yet. I'm a loon.
Im so angry right now .. today im not doind nothing and all my classmates yes  ,i think i will stay with my friend Mr.Computer .. hope not
had a great time last night, but my eye is burning !!! it hurts bad
damn it...Margie said she couldn't share the info on who killed Evil Eddy with me   She wanted my info again, gave it to her
im really bored, anthony is doing senior board shit. and im hungry and cold.
i hate the tremors!!!!!! stupid meds.
@mileycyrus my computer is being stupid and wont let me vote  . if i could i would vote for u.
@19fischi75 dont think me ugly - but tha dumb ass is lookin a lill betta - an he know it!
@WordSpring @TimAyres EEW  Cheese. I hate cheese.
@SherylBreuker I hate that Costco always costs us so much money
@jessicagirrl i know fuck my dick  i really wanted to go, but i have to go to some fucking puertorican wedding, damn spanish :/
@l2ichal2d that's a given bitch cuz ill be there  me &gt; vegas... actually not
texting my friends and being bored...   gosh i hate rain!!
@anniething1 *reads phone book* Hugh Clancy, Hugh Claments...Nope, no Hugh Clap.  Poor Holly, though she'll grab pity votes like a shark.
Ugh..  this sucks.
@marvelvscapcom oops too late
lunch was depressing! All the seinors were balling! Really sad.
Sittin through this boring ass conference call... Then i get to go home n nap *{missin @AndyR3w alot  }*
waiting -&gt; gg is loading ...  annoying!
@mitchelmusso so cool! if only i could call! my phone won't let me calll the number!
good 1km visible shot of TD one shows total decoupling of the low and mid level centers....this system is DEAD!! Waiting for the next one
It's car crash tv at it's worst.
gawww, why is facebook being so slow?
I made this huge revelation as I was doing the dishes( that everyone left for me) and now I totally forgot it. I hate when that happens.
My niece had e-learning yesterday. She used my computer. I had like 2-3 hours of sleep only. I was cranky and I behaved like an ass!
Needs to 'unfollow' some tweeps, its not that I dislike you but I can't keep up with you tweeting literally every 2 minutes! Sorry
My car might have to be totaled
@FollowActive Oh so nooooowwww youre too busy for me...dam I see how it is! How long we known each other?!?!?
@simplyvanessa why you never answer me..  wath i say to you
my dads being an ass.....
ughh feel rubbish
bgt What happened Greg.  That was a rubbish follow up.
Work till 6..then dreadful tv shopping cause mine broke
@MostTornBrain Agreed, the review process is unfortunately not a very fair one ...   iphonedev
I have had to yield my computer to the Webkinz Fan Club...
@msmiya127 did your car get towed? Thats what happened to redgie's car last time he went there  another reason why i don't like splashtown
@Emilee_Marie Wish I could make it too!!! I hate my commute sometimes
I always want to be perfect. Thatï¿½s so hard cause I even know that itï¿½s impossible. ...
Damn it. Totally gutted I decided not to go out tonight. Roni Size is DJing
At the art all state. I feel very sick.
I went over the limit for actions per hour for twitter clients.  i hate that limit.
@LittleMissDx it sux ur so it a diff country
swoobs and swass.... why the hell is air not on TODAY when I am packing  blech
@MissNikkiC I kno I kknow ... sigh... been on. but it sux
WORSE FUCKING DAY EVERRRR.   Tonight better make up for today
types too fast for her own good. and has been craving pizza for 2+ wks. GAH i hate not having a job i want pizza!  lmaoz why me?!
Ugh, okay I'm going to go shower now  and then shopping with mommy, let's hope I don't pass the fuck out.
@thecultureofme don't feel too bad i just had a burrito from there and it kinda sucked.
I was waitin' so many new and good songs about the end but I didnt like it so much
@TheSims2 aww BBQ? that's not fair  all i had was chocolate
school and the guy i like was talking to the girl i cant stand at all!!  ppl are just sooo...ughhhh!!
damn, my photo is gone!
ugh trek of hollie steel  she annoys me &gt;
Facebook decided I'm annoying or abusive because I add lots of friends. At least I have no distractions from coursework now...
At home now. Feeling very tired. I want to take a nap but I can't.
ohhhh my feet ache
at economics i wanna go homeeeeeee  im tired and i hate the teacher.  and iï¿½m sick of half of my classmates and i wanna go home and sleep
@McFlyingGirl  i got too do course work   i hate it it is hard this one
LUCY IS HATING ON MY GWEG!
@3minds nope- dnt have wireless ne more  HATERS!!!! Ugh... Save me a copy so I can watch it...
THIS TWITTER SHIT KAN EAT THE GUN NOW ....AN I DON'T EVEN BE GOIN IN SMFH, OVER REACTIN 4 NOTHIN, I NEED 2 STAY STRONG
@raerica what?really? That sucks  ://myloc.me/20Yy
Sunburn hurts!
I think the UPS web site hates me now. Still no Brewing supply package.  Held hostage at work by slow UPS delivery
@ShannonDae really? I hate the mobile twitter..its hard to tweet with a sidekick
frustrated by my stupid iPhone I need a blackberry!!!!
I hate watching the News. Why do such awful things happen?
As if the day couldn't get any worse! Am once again an involuntary audio audience to the (not so) domestic bliss emanating from next door
@TalentAgentLA unfort, i can't DM you b/c ur not following me
@walksthesehills i will push it into the sea for you
Oh insomnia, I hate you. I'm bored of staring at my ceiling, cano go sleepnow please?
There are bugs attacking my laptop
@Mahalat Sorry. Not unemployed.
Just saw my boo he went back to work now time to do my hair but it's going to rain WTF
@PreciousLittle so jealous
@toriigwyn i want chinese food really baaad.
@erickajonasbby aw poor u   DON'T let her get 2 u just ignore her n keep ur head held high she iz just immature lil girl lol
In a period of exams days are for study and nights for study and sleep... no funny time...
@hptwilighter I'm dying to read it!  I hate England.
I'm really mad at the world today. Today is just a sucky day.
ah my tummy hurts  damn starbucks sugar/chocolate/caffeine
@caniszczyk Agreed! Though Eclipse apps hinder collecting the heap dump by catching OOME. Had to muck about in JConsole
Mobile phone check-in? Another fail! American's service came close, but crashed at the gate. I'm now 0 for 3.
Hates that my a.c doesn't work! Its so hot
Assembling/ figuring out this new alarm daddy gave me - SOOO loud  I think I blew out my ear drum
I feel like poop. I hate being sick
@richcav Yes, they can, but the selection is arbitrarily and severely limited because of nonstandardized copyright laws.
im so not feelinq this huqe ass pimple smack in the middle of my doom. it aint riqht man
@lexiloohoo ugh! Fuck it. Today doesn't look like it's going to work  i'm sorry
Princess Sakura is MINE  therefor i want to use it on TJ! grr
@FlittyGadabout I'm not a hobo.
@heatherofficial you make people drink petrol and set them on fire? Your not the person i thought you were
Birthday tomorrow. Doing jack shit all weekend
woke up way later than I intended to today  Need to start getting to bed before 5 a.m. b/c this will be a bad habit to break later
@thatdude356 someone hates me
I have to go clothes shopping tomorrow  I hate it, but I have a serious &quot;clothes falling apart&quot; situation here.
Q: what happens when you don't marry your ex? A: you dont get a ring, therefore ending up with NOTHING to pawn when u need $$
@notbeaverhausen I want to hit that
Feel like crap today   Got a speeding ticket 1st since 5 years...blows!!!!!!!
I'm not sleeping at all until @thisisryanross accepts my appology
its raining! boo
crap! tying run is on 2nd!  let's hold em' Raiders!
@katecameron2002 o can't work that one out  pain in the ass them spammers
is tired if ppl shit talking
@xxJordanx just stop talking if ur gonna be that mean
Ugh. I hate bad grades. 1st time I've ever failed a class and no As- B, B, D, W, I, I! Not like me at all
@karyaazure WHAT'S WRONG WITH ECHO? NOOOO!    I'll kill that lady!
God damn you Twitter!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stop eating my undeleted DMs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@leprakhauns when you haven't had one in over a week! that was a really mean joke he just played on me!
@BitterTea ugh but they are so unattractive! u might as well drink from a regular glass. i really dont like them
Computer pissing me off. 4 gig ram 2.5ghz Dual core and vista freezes...fuck you microsoft...i want win 7
I h8 this weather!! It's the be gloomy &amp; rainy all weekend
I hate traffic. Dallas is nothing, but traffic!
I think I've got invisible glass shards in my hands cause my fingers keep having painful pokey feelings
i donbt like to peel prawns, i also dont like going shopping, running out of money and crawling round the car looking for more
cleaning and packing. Moving house is shit. It's going to be a long weekend....
i have had the worst headache ever in the history of worst headaches today!  man i hate those!
@ChuckQuartz Oui mademoiselle. You can barely turn around these days without bumping into one.
About to be stick at work till freakin 2 am.  Madd suck and I worked most the day!
My radiator boiled out
@Ainz90 anyday! I hate living here!
People are just pisssing me offf. Ugh
This herniated disc sucks.  I'm stuck mostly on my back when I could be out riding.
Car-warmed Sprite tastes like sore throat
wants to go to falkland but cant cause of stupid exams and mtbcut are going to be there
@DanielFielding Same! And big moths and wasps and just insects in general HAHA I hate them
Ugh!! Why isn't inFamous on xbox360!!!?? Fucking lame.. Its only on PS3..
I was hoping to sleep in tomorrow ..I guess it's not happening  Stupid blood tests grrr..
When youre kawawa, you make me kawawa cuz i hate seeing you so kawawa's  ohhhhh &lt;3
@dougiemcfly me too, it sucks
@xxxqueenteexxx sigh..... exams aint no wer neaaarr finished!! i have 3 next week...  bin stressd... and i aint guna b bak till end june!
i may cry damn this weather got my ass burnt (nt literally jus my shins arms n chest) legs hurt lyk a biatch  slightly enjoy it tho ha
Just got a follow from @lindsey5054. Yep, it's spam. Damn twitter traffic machine.
@AHisme  it sucks big time. I am in Sheffield till Sunday. I don't think I can pretend to be happy and smiley anymore.
Using a temporary mouse since my trackball is breaking down. I can feel the RSI crawling up my wrist already  .
@sexidance I saw slater on some MTV show, So you think you wanna dance with slater or some crap like that. Where's Kelly Kapowski
SON OF A BITCH!!!! ARGGGHHHHHHHHHHH SO OVER IT.
This day is fkn UGLY &amp; it matches my mood  unfortunatly. Time 2 blast off 2 the moon
Damn it's warm. Want to stay out the back garden to protect the doggie from the bastards next door.
@DanielJUK awwww  nsty when ppl make fun of someone &amp;  laugh their asses off; when the see ur not laughing that shoud be a HINT! Wrong
@bobbythomas1 Oh no, garlic juice nooooooo  thats disgusting...grrrr
The only way I'll feel safe is when he's finally in jail where his stalker ass belongs!
@AmberRainDesign many tribes r becoming extinct  I blame Mc Donalds!!!
Damn I hate this weather this shit sucks! I wanted to go out tonight but not n no mess like this
i was kinda hoping this time it was going to be differnt... its not it just sucks !!!!!!!!!
btw ian watkins has stopped following me  so i am a wee bit pissed off!
@tommcfly How dare you apologize to the UK for being gone for a while but don't apologize to america for never touring here at all!!!
I totally forgot thats its friday till I read @AlyssaNoelleD's tweet. Ha. I feel dumb  *Take A Breath*
@_AislinnTighee bhaha, its a teenage nightclub and i am at home when im supposed to be there. they had no fucking license. no more touch
@alexholroyd I'm just bustin' ya chops; it's not bad. Never seen any real appeal to last.fm is all. Bad quality audio from crap artists
@gorgeousapg hahahaha. Nahh sowwieee.  I had to git a shirt to match dez sneakerz nd idk if they da same color. Aghhh =O lol
Having really bad sorehead
Its Gloomy as Fuck outside Ewwwww
@emboosh aw that sucks
Apple is also rotten in the center, just my luck
They wouldn't reverse any of my overdraft fees.
So much for running outside like I thought I was going to  looks like the treadmill will have to do for today....thanks a lot rain
@rockinaround nope  don't you think it's a crime? :/
At the bus stop there's always a big pile of loogies. So. Gross.
@ImWendy that sucks!
But he has an out of date script. That's really bad. So midway thru his pitch we catch it. He gets all butthurt and storms out. His loss.
Ugh, I hate 90 degree weather
Just when I thought albany couldn't any worse my ao's leave me
I hate waiting in lines
I hate being reminded how weak my eyes are  I overdid reading today, they're sore as fuck. Going to rest. -sigh-
@thirdgradehater this traffic is ridiculous im may not make it
@toin9898 Wow.. that really sucks!
@MsStella damn. You could have just called or told me in person. You didn't have to humiliate me in front of the whole twitterverse.
I am native, not french ! I hate this ! !  ! Trying to find animals in french, I SUCK, SOMEONE HELP PLEEEEEASE  ? Alone- Allison Iraheta ?
f*** that weather
Nothing good at the five dollar sale.
In children's hospital ER hoping Meredith does NOT have a broken elbow/arm
Dear On the Boards Theater: You are so loud above my head  stomp stomp ugh
@tezi_soch hah nooo she is the obly one that can AUMFFF i hate nick because he is datin miley
The Bucket List was a very bad film choice this evening.  I may need therapy now
Bit disappointed with The Killers On Jonathan Ross  He's sexy as hell though
boredddddddd, work tomorrow..  and sunday. i hate clarks
Oh man, I feel sick. As in I might have contracted a cold... maybe from the kids' slobber on Thursday
@LaKia unfortunately noy   my life suck this year.
I really hate it when someone calls themself your friend BUT you only hear from them when they want something from you  friendfail
I hate my vserver. Java says: Could not reserve enough space for object heap
@MirandaBuzz ahhhhh....... i hate math!!!!!!! right now we r doing something so hard that we just learned today......  lol
@Skittles3640 No prob, skittles we always gonna have yall's backs. The true sweeties dont play.. LOL But yea we just got heated. We sry
so very irratated
@MVPublicLibrary don't tape hold slips to items !! just ripped a digipack cd case
@nelsoncrew  Don't hate me  I seek approval from anyone and everyone..
@boriqua206 Cause I'm not hearing from you guys!!!
ahhh!!!! u know what really sucks??? i sprained my toe!! OUCH!!
It should be illegal for me to date
I hate thunder and lightning!
Musically, these headphones are awesome. For staying in my ear... not so good.
i hate rain and people.
exhausted, but forced into attending a lock-in
My bike was put on hold...should have known that.... argh total bummer
i don't wanna go back to school on monday
it just thundered reallyreally loud at work and this little boy started crying  I wanted to cry too...I hate storms! wah
@DreamsAnais_MJA ..I don't know who gon do the yelling &amp; cussing for upgrades when u go.
can't upload a picture. I already hate twitter
i feeeel like shiit  blahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
How the fuck do 2833 songs fill an iPod that is supposed to hold 4000?
@karriereKay being sunburnt is horrible
@mtmont gah!!! twitpic is uploading sideways today
@Anna_Fur_Laxis It makes me feel physically sick. I read Let The Right One In and was only horrified by the cat violence.  Just horrible
@Yermilla really? bcoz i'm not good in math &amp; we r learning sumthing that we won't need  so thats why i don't like math &amp; my teacher is uh
whats the point of wisdom teeth? NOTHING! grr in so much pain and i look like a chipmunk FML
Living down @ Alki without off-street parking BLOWS. 3:30p &amp; there is no parking. Wkds are the worst, feel like a hostage.
And the city I love, Tucson, is the 18th most miserable  ://bit.ly/k3Gmw
Lol..2 people in falcon..and boo one of them being becca
@velvetella Hey! Polka dots or black dress. Both very glam. Mobile twitter's a bit crap at the mo.
@SeanyeWest the mind plugs work, but the patent got turned down b/c someone already thought of earplugs and benedryl
Boring starting work weekend soon................ 1st need to get a Tim Coffee so I can make it through this damn night shift........
Windows updates suck. There are so freaking many of them.
y do i even bother getting a new fone..i just fucking break them anyway,,,fones dont float,,especially when thrown in the pool
@harperkzm that sucks  booo.
There is ALWAYS one JOYKILL in the crowd!    haters!
@erickimberlin ew man, i hate you  TBS &lt;3
@HallamBritten I talked to Kat, that is crappy
Did NOT get paid today.
People are people...nooooo? Id never have guessed tht...idiot..im grouchy now
So my parents are too busy making me feel like crap to realise that I've got worse and need to see a doctor again. No sleep sucks
I'm being so whiny right now I'm annoying myself  i need to get some rest tonight after Movie Night kid-sitting
i'm going to sleepies, feel poorlies and pissed off  night night tweeples xxx
whyareyoustillhere One Tree Hill!!! [[ They cancelled my shows The Game &amp; Everybody Hates Chris n dont NOBODY WATCH U N-E-MORE!!!  ]]
OMG, Tony Hawk's motion on the nintendo DS sucks ass!
@zanylikethat Awwwww.
My new site is stuck in the Google sandpit now  Test of my skills until it comes back out!
ahhhhh fuck it..... none of my friends want to see it... and they don't wanna chill tonight... so its just me myself and i
@NikkiCSWS OWW! that girl needs her meds. I feel her, though. Adam got cheated
I got dropped froma coupla ppl that were following me  Damn Detroit Fans!!!
I'm so sick, it's ridiculous.
Listening to shit music.
Dammit, more money to spend on iPhone apps... haven't finished Wolfenstein yet  ://bit.ly/Othhv
errr....I don't want to go sit in the heat and watch a high school graduation.
@johnmaine ahh i wish you guys would come to a hot topic near me.
Pissed at you @KatieHanrahan  ://myloc.me/21CU
Note 2 all twoloers: neva stay @ a candlelight suites shower is slow and the toilet sux and the bed is tiny!
Struggling...selfishness and jealousy doesn't get you any further in life... ohh myyy
@thatgirlonline Dude you're always going to midnight screenings! xD. I wish I lived in a city. Well, I do (until tmrw!) but it's rubbish
@MsPrincessLala @AshleyNicole305  someone is ignoring me  &amp; being mean..
@kimi_joyner And he can't even tell me.  Me and him are fucking done, professionally. Fuckin' ass.
went to galveston, want to go back
It's called communifuckingcation.....learn it, know it, do it. These stupid ass people!
Hmm maybe I this time I really did over react and do the worst
@Miss_Molotov Go much bamboo? Would you like to attempt to structure a sentence that makes sense? Why did i fail english and others pass?
@bongy_k Your teacher sounds uber disrespectful.
i bit my lip...hate it when i do that.
I have had the William Shatner version of Rocket Man in my head for 3 days now. It's fucking distracting
I hate being yelled and sworn at
@Spidersamm ohh yeahh (: i'm probs gonna be a loner to start with, thanks to the person i was gonna go with be a bitch
Okay, so the only reason I'm not buying this app is because I hate EA and all that it stands for. SimCity rocks though.  ://is.gd/JpMM
fuuuuu, helllla sleepy, had no lunch, now I'm working 4 to 10... gota wait till 6 to eat.
Stupid hand. Have A2 and flop nut low and top pair. But guy had also out low and out flush. Quartered.  at 5900.
I am slowly getting angry at this Jon and Kate Plus 8 thing
@Daft_Punk_Robot  wtf.....winter isn't due til monday, am freezing
@Vahevalarain awe.. that sucks and I can't... we're trying raffis' birthday 2.0  &lt;3
Which would be a lot easier to get if plane tickets to AZ didnt raise $80 in price
@thehypercube - touched a real live Cube in Hamilton. Dealership closed - couldn't sit in it though
Yay for St Louis traffic
my phone is dead  this sucks
@foodphilosophy seriously, technology isn't always my friend. Nothing like doing double research.
Stupid storm. No river for us tonight
@littlelindseyyy i hate it
Headed to Chicago for my cousin's wedding. Leaving at 5pm on a Friday was a horrible idea. Sitting stopped in traffic
general cleaning! i hate cleaning
I miss my saraH. baby come back!  (fuck bbvag smell.)
Ew traffic
hates getting wasted
@hollay I hate you
stupid playstation! stupid controllers don't work so I can't play kingdom hearts.
ugh blisters on both my big toes and on both my legs and my shoulders are raw as shit. my life sucks right now
Ok so I'm fuckin hungry....!  I'm fat I know..I know..! Aha
@shemeika of course you'd be going there when I'm not there!
Iï¿½m really desappointed...
I am going to be sooooo busy today it's not funny. i hate busy day's
I'm gonna cryyy!!! My car looked so good clean and its fuckin raining!?! I always do this...wash it right before it rains
24 hours and $400 later and I hav a new telecom phone that dosent work.  Stupid telecom
Cleaned out me Followers List and blocked the porn girls &amp; Crap Now I look like a spammer
@IsoBan ... i hate it so much.
@JusLisaE what a damn shame all that body to waste
@inkswamp No FTP/Browser on the Mac  I may visit an old Mac Lab or Sneakernet with ZIP100s to Kinkos. Anyone with Fetch on a Floppy? DM me
My head hurts because that air freshner is the most horriblel scent ever.. Im super grossed out!!!!
Danget  having problems with WLW and Blog engine  uggh... not again  !!
God is a huge teaser
Power Outage, door to freezer propped open, 3G ice cream make for slippy floor  M-er F-er!!
RP @Bryan000: RP @MrSwishaTwista: RP @Bryan000: My crack...--Here's mine. ?----  I just threw up in my mouth lil bit--It's my legs, LOL.
@MirandaBuzzfans dont worry, i will. i HATE it when nobody comments on my pics
you not going nowhere bitch!
stupid wireless!!
Ahhhh!!!!!! Almost off!!! Can't wait!! But..I got work again rite after this!   HAT CLUB Come &amp;&amp; gimme some Company! Oh &amp;&amp; a Cookie! ;-)
@hellokatzchen  Anyone who can wear Victoria's Secret must submit pictures for the rest of us who cannot. My secrets must stay secret.
@aimzy24 I'm sorry, but x-men sucks... in a bad way!  ;p
@requin they really do need to mind their own business, eating disorders are NOT the only reason people have to vomit, assholes
@LSOLO ..ok brother...did you change your num and not give it to me, AGAIN??? smh..you no good dude
@DirtyDizco Maaan if I was in pain I'd come. I wanna come  eat some 4 me lol *rolls eyes*
11 Days left until freedom. I really just want to get through this weekend. I hate essays.
what am i gonna watch after BGT  bad times
@Lady_Lynn @deanna_raquel ahh man  ok if y'all end up doin sumthin else let me kno so I can meet y'all 2 see wht yal gone do..
I hate horrible atmospheres, I pick them up so quick!  kisskiss xxxxxxxxxx
@robluketic damn i always miss it
Hates bleech!! Messed up my black outfit
i have to poop...  @sleezye89 is hogging the shitter
first day of summer sucks!!!! its overcast and cold...  this isn't summer!?!?!?!?
tell chris to stop making fun of lizzie
@DJLisaFoxx Ouch. I used to hate it when I did that  (And then there are the irate callers who were trying to record, getting p***ed, etc)
Ugh! Plane delayed due to weather!  Stuck with another hour to kill.  ://twitpic.com/67xs0
In pain,, poor me, I HATE THE SUN
@Zaraa_x ah that's annoying
I spoke too soon, a nasty thunderstorm just came out of nowhere..I got soaked making a quick run to the store!!
@FallenStar1 Get out.
Hey @jerrymontano!  @secrettweet is mainly depressing!  It's all these people who are cheating or don't love each other anymore
Sometimes black girls just piss me off like a mother fucker!
@c0oki3 u think u have bills Ha!Ii just finished paying mine that's y I'm broke
o damn i just accidentally listened to rick ross
We bought a pool instead of going to California. Now the pool is broken and we have wasted our vacation money for the next 2-3 years.
And I want you to shut the fuck up.... I really hate living with my step dad. =-\ I can't wait to move out...
hopes whoever stole my purse and money gets what is coming to them
@TJmodeling That sucks majorly...hhhmmmnnn...I'm thinking...I would've said the self tanner or a really good concealer...I'm stuck
College work sucks so much!
@niqa86 Yes bb  There are actually 2 of them, but the other one I don't really give a shit about.
@DrPostALot  sucks
@ForrestTheCat awww, I hates it wen families are brokun up by humuns. Maybee you see him agin wun day.
@BraveMaiden I don't get as much time here either. It's going to get worse now that the girls r home for summer.  It stinks.
when i fell on my ass today i ripped my blue volcom boxers
aww dude.. no fair. i thought that was the point of this thing
soooo fed up with this
Just rang the irish one. Drunk. Must confiscate phone.  hate him lots.
@iamcheerbear I know  It fucking sucks. anyway you can get a fake id or something?
I'm Twitter dumb. Just saw my &quot;@thecraftpantry.com&quot; &amp; all the kind folks who've tweeted me. AH!So sorry, I'm not ignoring you, just SLOW.
just camee back from bowling, which i offiacial suck at
@KrissyJill fuck.  It's only in Canada right now.
Hail/Thunder storm here. The Power keeps on going on then off. It sucks.
i was invited to one on the beach but it was too short notice i mean why the hell tell you 2hrs before?? really?
still can't figure this twitter thing out, i can't my background pic to stick and i can't seem to change my profile pic
I had a new work picture taken today, hated it, it looks too much like me ://bit.ly/PHjUR
Home finally. Hungry. needs food. mad cause I might not get pizza today  Hanging out with brandon. its raining.. ugh!!
lalalalaaaa i have a virus  tear tearrr well my COMPUTER has a virus! running scan grrr : \
@joshhebert yeah bit it is overheating a bit and the AC died.
misses her phone... having no service sucks
why is this english homework so hard  i seem to be getting nowhere
Dang! My voice wont came out! And my snots is covering all my tissues... DANGIT! I hate FLU!
I hate it when Trevor drives
@AdamRPhoto ow shitttt i cant come get drunk ihave to go to a photo shoot in portsmouth or sumfink  owwwwwwwwwwwww
Shots suuuuck!  im done  no more vacines!
well its hot as heck right now
@annettestarbuck heck yea that beats traffic!  Im on the stinkin toll road (paying to sit in traffic, nice) no milkshakes out here
I have to reupload the damn thing again
@jessicagee7 i have restricted driving priviledges...  and i didn't even do anything. stupid double standards
Knew she was an idiot..
god, brera, why is your plot twist going to fucking everything up i can feel it
@brentonscowie  dude i will check again but i couldnt find anything  haha i am capital F-U-C-K-E-D
: I saw US Postal was hiring, but once I was done filling out the pre-application thingy it didn't show me jobs open in the area.
just got back home... bored now
hates scaleeeee
So... Things didn't work out as expected, well damm
@CiiTYLiiGHTSx3 what happened? who's the jerk!?
The jetway feels like the seventh layer of hell. Oh and there are way too many babies on this flight. And I forgot my Bose.
said final farewells to roommate.  almost finished packing then it's dc or bust on the 3rd. california: i divorce you x 3!
@anwith1n Missed you at LoDo's
Cleaning my house on a Friday night
i already hate my tan lines  oh well better get used to them
@acepilot P.S. I hate your work schedule! I wish you could come play tonight
Time to get ready for wrk! Ahhhh, I dnt wanna goooo!
@jordaaaannnn Damn i wanna see the rest!! i only saw like 30 minutes
@dnbchik ahhh...Lily's new kitten just took a giant wet stinky shit on me
Forced to eat red hotdogs coz I'm starving and there's nothing else for breakfast. Ick.
ok... twitter I almost pass out because of you!! bastard    :'(
Also I popped the phone open and got all that goddamn dust out, but I wore out a clip on the camera panel so I had to glue it shut
My moms Season 3 of Weeds got burnt up in a family friends mobile home.
Not talking to anais anymore.
@ThisStarChild It's just a shame what wisdom comes with age, but age destroys youth
Our plane had landed!! FINALLY gonna get to board...an hour late.  stupid rain!!!
Taking the caltrain to go see the giants. It's Cold and someone smells like pee
@Mtn_Dew tokens haven't been working for me all day....
@meecheeko Is a WHORE but she'll never know I said it cuz she doesn't love her twitter
stuck here  ~*Lady*~
@juniper73 oh that sucks  Tell your DH to act like a grown up maybe? I'd be stressed too
@BillyScallywag There's loads of highly qualified stuff  and loads STILL using snail mail.
U know I didn't care for that wolverine movie and I'm a xmen fanatic. That joint sucked to me.
twice in a week Qantas club lounge computers broken  flyertalk
@mayabbz oh damn that sucks
Being in Vegas with @donniewahlberg would be so much better then home!! This has been the day from hell!!
@branewurms that took me 3 rereads to see you didnt say eat &quot;girls&quot; instead of actually grits. I'm disappointed.
my nail broke  I haaaaaaaaate
@MrWize sike sike call it truce???????????????? u still a bitch and my ppl still gonna air u out tho
cleaning cleaning cleaning today then working out!  i love not working!
Chem wasn't better than physics. And now I'm so tired. @natasya_astri HAHAHA NTN BBF JUGA YA? Hihi gue sukanya Jun Pyo?
is home  excited that gemma is getting her breaking dawn MWAHAHAH (evil laugh)...is angry with hopeless assholes ...
@DavidArchie Good luck! If I remember right, everything in England is a rip off, anyway! And next time, write me back! Haha
@chicalit finding a place to crap on the move eh? Whoever said technology is crap?
@AndriaAndCo  Don't forget Twitter, the bastard step-child of enablers
@chregu block this IE6 shit
Bored... Some vector shit... Off to work after this class..
@bridgetmcmanus go into an anti-gravity chamber then you can tell gravity to suck it.
@prateekgupta I am just 'okay-okay' .. like the rest of the sane population in the world, I hate mondays
@xiape copy &amp; paste fuck cunt tosser piss flap a 10000000000 times !!!!
@tommcfly dw you never will  xx
@joecommisso i'm going to smack you
Redford - Sufjan Stevens ][ for @yoochun ill make you cry again &lt;3  @mimacruz sure no prob slugger ;;) add th... ? ://blip.fm/~5jdtm
i hate bureaucracy. ahwell... aussies still going good
Boys are stupid, throw rocks at them
@LiliCosic i'm good-making a list of things to do today.I have a week off in a few days,I dont want to be doing these chores things then!
They are unloading a Leopard Tank just next to my office window. Hope I didn't piss off anyone
i just had the weirdest dream ever and can't see because owi credo is too brighi. But i hate guys
via @uhmmm: Christopher Moore &quot;You Suck&quot; - hmm tja.. sucks
Jason Mraz is still serenading me, while I read &quot;Judicial Supervision of Executive Action in the Commonwealth Caribbean&quot;.  BBL!
@joolzP1 i was studying computing this year...bring as feck!! changing to plant science  next year
@neillavin300 Ok well from the pic i take it you do. Thats unlucky . Lmao
Ended up riding down brick lane  The A12 was dead (apart from scameras every 5 minutes)ï¿½ took an hour to get in.
@vrikis Better than work, work, 10 minutes for lunch, work, work, work? Actually it might be. I don't work very hard
IDIOTat)MilanQ Heyy. Th*nks For The Follow.  Have A Good Night. (Frank_Whyte) IDIOT
hate public Internet... sometimes they don't even reach farther than the transmitter itself... and I'm sitting right next to it  WIN
@emzyjonas Yea once - me and my friends flew out to amercia to see her w/ the Jonas brothers  . have u? haha i hate bebo :p . aw cant wait
@Miki_is_Rad yeah it was shit D: im so tired, i have a headache and now i have to play a game of rygby D: but ill be right  xxx &lt;33
Morning! Bank Holiday Monday and the sun has gone - typical! Hospital for knee at 2:30 and then training at 6. Another  bust day
Why don't adobe realise no one WANTS to pay for Photoshop et al so they should just give it to us for free
While driving u come across aggressive driving behaviour by another driver. U should... Chase the car 2 tell the driver how to drive
Buffett Lambastes Bankers, Insurers for ï¿½Greed,ï¿½ ï¿½Stupidityï¿½ ://is.gd/wyAB
; why is the font so huge?! small fonts rock socks
I knew there was a reason I hated cars! 1. Too slow! 2. Too big! 3. I get car sick! 4. Motorbikes are much much much more fun!!
cry baby. janes joplin what is this? munsay music. but i dont know wich shit day i  am today
I hate mondays, but I love @revision3's schedule. HELLO, DIGG REEL!
@beachNZ yep nothing better
@coollike &quot;And I'm packing your ANGRY eyes, just incase&quot;
gooooodnight  i fully gave up on my english. pride and prejudice. love the movie HATE the book ;)
@LushLtd Well aren't you just the kindest people in the world  Unfortunately, I have no such enquiries!
@MissJoJoSmith I was thinking there should be a thumbs down button for Cry me a river.
@Chappers67 TV is shite,thank god for youtube
i hate the bus...any donations toward my car fund?
@GeekWearsPrada Have you been going to the Trop for the last 5 years?  No more games for you!
@MissMary i am so jealous!!
@iaingilmour I queue for cake standing up and with a slight look of deranged anticipation on my face.
@kg86 Thanks  The elephants look magnificent This is what we miss due to stupid restrictions - 3G pleease and cheap!!
@girltrumpet yeahh  idk if i like owen anymore though... i kinda lost respect for him in an episode i recorded...
@dannyvan i could have got you some from work and not paid more than R20 per 2l
i am going to be disgraced with myself for life if i don't make it in next year. being a perfectionist sucks. good luckkkk
fucken tired as fuck  it's sunny.. good day? deffff
I WISH I LITERALLY COULD FUCK JUST ABOUT EVERY NIGGA IN THE WORLD...IMA NYMPH
his footy, and getting krisnan inu back on the team  / also, twitter, get rid of the ridiculous character limit.
@curtistrichel thank you for being cabbie this AM-wasn't pissed and slamming doors this AM BTW, just hauling ass to get bathed before 6!
7846 - almost catching @comedyqueen up, so gonna kick her ass, and woop i will b joing the 10k mile high club soon
awake.  school. ew. but i put on some nice lotion.
how to get rid of your followers step 1: announce that you're unfollowing people who give you the shits... everyone assumes you mean THEM
@David_Henrie No you silly goose!
@hesa it's definitely worth it; art not withstanding  I hate moving; and hate packing even more..
@SamStreet69 back to the lovely land of the north
morning twitterbugs...nothing like a loooooooooong lie-in!!
If this rain doesnt go away, I'm staying in bed all week til Mommy gets here
@ruimoura dude, come on... at least rotate that motherfucker!
@stanleyyork in that case.. that's a stupid move  I thought they were being B-A
About to go to school to help my mother set up for Teacher Appreciation Week. How ironic is that, Natalee?!
first year in ages where i'm not going to the crafty raft :O i don't mind though, i don't even like the crafty raft
Sometimes people never learn to shut up and stop talking shit
@MichelleWegner You are very lucky!!! My legs did not like how long it takes to dry my hair this morning.
@nickindarsingh you suck
@nikster07. i dont know whats worse, g's twittering or your muriel! (@jms_ is the worst anyway  )
Just saw a male Baltimore oriole at our suet feeder and something enjoyed a lot of thistle from our new thistle feeder early this a.m.
will be very hard to go back to work this morning- 4 straight days at disneyland tends to do that
I woke up at 5:45. Didn't have a full bladder, wasn't sick... And to top it off, I went for a run. Now I wanna go back to bed
://twitpic.com/4jgro - me again
@Mfjmaf Namaskar &amp; Namaste r both the same. Marathi people say Namaskar! its a marathi word.... should i ? ...naaaah !
** gifts &amp; honesty box messages has been discontinued due to abuse ** - hehe, dalï¿½ï¿½ facebookovï¿½ aplikace na hovno
is on cloud 20 minus 11, razzle dazzle in amazement cuz he showed her heaven!
@MelBrooke happy birthday month!! I only get a day but you deserve the whole month
@agent_22 ok so I'm having a complete insomniac moment. It's 6am(almost) and I'm STILL awake. I hate when I can't stop thinking!  mornin!
up and listening to The Monsters.
My Boss is in Las Vegas on the 14th A.P.P. Conference.......pfff
@626aicitroM Yeah, yeah. Less degenerate than current occupants of U.S. House of Reprehensibles. You can bet on that. Like MineThatBird.
@JuliusLionheart y r we giving up on people?  I actually thought that way for a while too before I found someone who is very intriguing
Just five more days. Five more long days. Ahh!
@quinland  I Hate It There Should Be A Endless Supply Of Hot Water!  I Put the Water Heater On 20mins Ago So Ill Be Gone In 10mins  Xx
@sway_sway_baby mighty boosh kicks arse
@Nnascenzi but cover your sneezes with a tissue for love of God! My germaphobe-ness has significantly increased since joining healthcare
i have to study :O talk to you later  xxx
I hate the exams . first time and last time in this school  then i'm out ! after 10 years! yaaaay !
@roediger316 It wasn't the best flick, to be sure.  I'm just ready for &quot;Star Trek&quot; now
Is sick to death of doing French prep. I feel like killing a bitch.  chgehcfncshvd
@Djalfy I sound really Brummie lol but most of all I just hate looking at myself!
Blocked the acct for one of my most hated sports teams. That felt really good.
It's Monday, and I am still cleaning up the mess from Thursday night's storm.  Like I wasn't busy enough this week!
playing pet society
@IrvdaRealdeal: I will press that ignore button
@lee634 Damn it! Must be Morrisons then
long $nem (page from @maoxian intraday trading for dummies book)
@Fnoo John and I just bought four boxes of them
Watching my girlfriend get out the showe  with her lime green towel .. IM BAD!!!!   Mohawk Kidd
@snookca I find mondays are the busiest days. I come into work, and there are 100 things to do cause the boss works weekends.
@maenad_au see i never got kyile.. not then not now ... see I must have some taste
Iï¿½ï¿½m home  I hate school! Now im going to do do something fun because I have very boring. I want to have something to eat  Soon back!
has just joined twitter. reeeally dont understand how to use this lol
oh, it's raining... i haaaate it!  It was a great violin lesson&lt;3
they tryna get me 2 sing on mic n i said NO NO NOOOOOOOO
@_handz_ well you know those &quot;kind of guys&quot; are just idiots
Another loser: @meekakitty I hate you...LOST THE GAME lostthegame  ://tinyurl.com/r8erc8
@jareason There's nothing good on tonight anyway!!   Sigjeans
Wow... my god the whole UI is sooo much snappier. It's more responsive than TweetDeck now!  Tweets feel like IMs lol
@rorschachsgirl Yeah--those pants are horrible!  Yeah--my wife loves the job.  She loves performing and kids, so it's a good environment.
@Jorge924 you might also want to include &quot;never wear a moonwolf&quot; to that
cant wait to eat
@mitch4103 And with it, I can be online even after I have to log off habbo
@LouisPagan @Raul_Ramos Txs so much for followfriday...i have been so MIA recently...work is killing me! Hope you r doing funtastic
@johncmayer You know we dont believe half of what they say
My goodness! Another hit, another run!!!
Come on guys tell me how much your theater charges!!! I want to know if mine is fair and/or average!  Me and hubby are having a discussion
(@courtneynewton) OMG SHUT UP!!! (sorry. still venting at that person who's annoying me. It's none of you, I swear  )
@cheynefritts You're a real hooker. I'm gonna slap you in public.
Hot damn, I'm at fucking Disneyland!
Literally had the worst dinner out ever tonite. So tired of mediocre food in the 'burbs. *sigh* At least we can get good ice cream
@erronious Some of yr coworkers hogging the jukebox @ Union Jacks.
@official_flo well thats not nice... hope ur all good now
@hiphopcheerio  I'm bad with understanding there things! You should know this!
who not here be glad!!!!!!! ur sso luckyyyyyyy i hate u r home n r not enduring dis!!!!
@tracekase GO TO BED!!!
@buckhollywood did you go to uga? If so, I liked you better before I knew! Ha!
@donutpower ... Kirby playing mario kart? ... Umm ... Donut? Are you sure you're in the right mindset?
@PRGabbi Y?!?!?!? i would rather punch someone
@heyheybeth dis Dick.
just fought with my printer...after 2 hours i claim victory... i hate electronics
@snookca looking forward to the reading this post as I like your 'no bullshit' writing and often learn a few things
@amilliemills neva mind ya friend had called me jealous and i wanted to kno of what literally of what but its ova  is my tude now
@Kenichan  It's fully of grabbyhands and bad candy, thanks! &lt;3 How's you?
@LiteratePervert kewl - standing by to be rocked
i blame you all!  got it??? good :p she better be in good condition 2! &lt;33 night
It's not now... Nor has it ever been Weigly North!! Have avoid drive home!!
@etniqminerals though I have to admit that seems less &amp; less tempting. who has time, when there are more complete packages to be had?
Sometimes I hate myself, but that's normal so I don't worry bout it
@Tigerfluff who cares its hockey
@lynnnein Bad rum experience in college - still haven't recovered
://twitpic.com/4wbnd - dont worry , i let him go . i named him fishyyy
@mahmood *cough* star trek *cough*
@reinamexicana garcia bend- learned that lesson last night! I thought i was gonna throw up! Got our tix for fashion show at end of mo.
Watch movie must
Almost got sharpied in the face while falling asleep  being sick sucks!!!
@NatalieAurora lmao according to the away, they're there. current focus: tripping, ugly pics, same dress, fat looking
@KeriLyn2980 Totally  plain and simple.. i hate all thoes bridezilla shows.. if i was the groom i'd be running far far away!
@chloewolf Except for Josh, you like some LAME dudes.
@TerrenceJ106 lets see.. we hate that groupies are damn near stalkers.. we love that they send gifts..
@rebeccarem I am on here..finally. AND YAY. seriously. that made my day oh fellow hell ruler
@cjusk im excited for those pics  send me urs w/ him too  i &lt;3 photoshop lol
i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate mother's day.
ans so the lion.......kicked the dogs ass!!!!
Platypuses are the only mammals that can lay eggs.
@johnataylor She should keep her crown and shut her mouth!   Then she'll know what non-judgmental means!
@tayl0rmichael i know. But you messed up silly
Happy mothers day  I'm so hungry and the resturants are all closed... Damn
@HOMELESSCRISIS And maybe you will get the statue and sainthood you are seeking.  Win-win for all. Can't be a victim like your people.
Mad tht I didn't make time to hang out with a friend but I already pinky promised tht I will clear my calendar tomorrow
@dearsnippie  I never followed him in the first  place!   He is a useless waste of space. and Im not a conservative! LOL
@Tori_Thompson u may need this pill...i think u are crazy...here take on of mine
Just cleaned mii scrolly ball!
&quot;you think yo shit don't smell? but you are mrs. P-u&quot; Lil Wayne sounds the same in ALL his songs
@whit3boy nah will didn't tell diego so we at some donminican spot getting fucked up
Tryin to figure all this out!! LOL
@Ms_GiiGgl3z lmao ight im dun wit the faces lmao id rather see urs tho  lol
Ugh i hate photobucket! an amazing place to edit pictures is: www.picnik.com  i use it alll the time.
I dont care who gets mad. I like speaking my mind. Im alreadt crazy so it helps me not go off da deep edge! Fuck u!
@mimicariad Socksy's just plucky and independent to Caspar's lazy and attention seeking
a bedtime story pls....
finished!  took me about two hours, but i got a &quot;B&quot; on it
@KelsyC That just doesn't sound appetizing.
Shoot, are we all done with the mustard jokes now?
@gnxmusic But I am with you... I hate doing it... can't we just make music and magically not have to worry about money  awe... sigh...LOL
@LeafyTangram Where's the story?! I wanna know! I wanna know!
Watching the Broncos vs Chiefs 1994, Montana vs Elway on NFL Network.  I still have nightmares about this game   FU KC!
Sam can go shoot her self.
@marksmadsen lol, @skelly on blip.fm is not the @skelly on twitter! i hate that song btw
@tamij I'm going to turn it off. We Tribbles don't need tracking devices!     hhrs
@YasmineGalenorn  I kinda want to smack that darn skeleton though.
Arrogant bastard on tap in Oregon. WHAT!!!!!!
@iam151 and you suck horribly  the world is at an even balance
@DinkyShop Oh yeah, and a few will say she went too far, and it'll all end up putting her back on top, where she belongs.
Just wanted to say, positivity is doin me good! Change it up! Won't regret it... Forsure..
EFF THAT NOISE!
An extra night in pasadena with sergi baby cuz i 'missed' my train to riverside
what am i doing drinking a shitload of water to get rid off me hangover then training at 9am
Stupid liars. Glad they are ignorant, because I had a blast!!
macs ftw btw. .just because.. and if you're still using the grandaddy pc's you lost at life.. jp  (..not really..)
i have a degree,bitches!!! moving t o dallas in a few hours
had a 100% raw day
samberg and timberlake collaboration; dick in a box
Fuckin padtron  con sheila.neil.gio.dex.wongo.poncho.bebo.ant.lulu&amp;therest of the niggasz
i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do... they e anoying and boring. * note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning
@backpackerinoz I don't like fishfingers. I don't like fish or seafood really. But enjoy it
@jakeron I'm not trying to get more followers. I'm trying to get MORE INTERACTION!!!!!!!!!
now cassidy is butcking that i am bitching lol cant ever win
And they are really censoring over at nin.com and I really hesitate to go over there are talk about this
@ericludzenski Fuck you
FUCK EM
@kryanth heh, you seem to have a complex about your iPhone jealousy. This self-denial is harmful! Just let it out.
@freddyfierce google away
@CKHerm Glad you got to walk.  Finish the damn thesis.
The best thing about Ciara. She just finished singing!
@officialtila if I have 5000 friend requests tomorrow, I'm blaming you  nite
@Emoly_ really!? that son of a bitch, screw him, ill talk to on msn later k  xox
Inspite of the spams.. I can't stop losing this twittergadget. I love twitting from Gmail
@computermuseum shame I dont still have my 286 compaq portable, which was really anything but portable LMAO, last tweet 4 now, toodle pip
@FlissTee I miss my cats.... But not on Sunday mornings! Mine did that to
@Sissillie i honestly hope the theatre gets hit by a meteor before you get there
@badands cupcake!!  you can call me anything but &quot;bitch&quot; i suppose..and even then under certain circumstances....
@Reptar01 alives.... Less highness feeling.... Sometimes I hate that feelings.... Talking about an exhusband as if he's dead is funny
wonder what white supremists have to say about this  I abhor racists. ://bit.ly/Rd31F
(@amandastorlie) Shut up and put your money where your mouth is thats what you get for waking up in vegas
@dom_dollaz Yay...you like CT. People always tryna shit on it when they've never even been there.
@Carolina_G  ur a poopy head
It's agreed if i find out who this girl was I'll punch her from everybody  xxx
@JazZyLov3 loll my dad leavingg and moving to las vegas and myy now ex boyfrienndd is FINALLLY done talking to me and has left me alone
@xxlaurenbeexx aha yeah  all else fails just push  yeah we are dont know what time were leaving yet though xx
@worldarts I see we are approaching a nice round 5500 number, I expect you will have crashed through that by the time I come back tonight
@Darcrider ... rather than outdated &amp; bigoted at worst, and outdated, patronising, imperialist, monoculturalist &amp; self-righteous at best.
@Rebekah_McFly LOL nah ! of course you'll get the DVD first since you've already ordered it. i'll sign up to Bebo on Tuesday then! lol  xx
got a little scare tonight. couldnt fall back to sleep. so i started working on my digital imaging project. looking good.
Why is it that America celebrates mother's day on a different day to England? Anyhooo...Happy Mother's Day 2 All American Mumzys!  x
@amiemccarron yes but they hate it when we do it...silly boys
Can't wait for @timminchin live! It's ages away but still I should do a @DancingRocks and plan what I'm going to wear lol
stop making assumptions about me when you dont even fucking know me!  haha stupid bitches. thanks for defending me, matthew.
@Huntley22 haha fucking hell i know ay. shit son he's just making trouble. we could take him.
@Noufah at least its legal , here in kuwait if u weren't driving SUV then u will get a ticket with big smile
i hate snoring. remind me if my future husband ever snores, we're getting a divorce.
@allysonalfonso hahah lucky!! i have to wait 4 days! poop lol where abouts in the gold coast are you? (if u dnt mind me asking)
@scarlethyacinth I'm working on a painting due for school and hating myself for sleeping all damn day and starting this so late.
is bored hehehe  i hate IPT
@Tory_x hah, well at least we are not saying; tory is a fatty watty
this song is overplayed and i hate that but i don't care right now cuz i wanted to listen to it  ? ://blip.fm/~5z6n5
@jaulin Maybe you have, my memory sucks.
@MandyBookLover Hi  Yes wasn't she absolutely terrible! How on earth does she hear a good tune from her ears? Lol
://twitpic.com/4wsjr - Leisure Bay beach  (I see the pic. wasn't uploaded last time, grrr!)
@TheTAZZone That's what I like to hear. I am unabashedly not cool. That's what makes me so cool byw  logic
@gailtwist I hate doing em, but get dragged here by @emzmum... at least it's a beautiful day
discovered cause of a bug in the new NetPLAYER 4 build. Publishing bug fix now, hopefully new beta by tomorrow
So over it!
@jlamshed You're sending tweets to yourself again!
@UniqueGuitarist Had parent teacher thing yesterday!! So boring going to skl on saturday!!  lol
@LisaHopeCyrus sry twitterfon is kinda shit i will stay at tweetie  this world is so unfair you always have to pay for good stuff :/
watching M eat a hotdog...gross.. he's so drunk and annoying.. trying really hard not to glre @ him
hates samanthas guts
@chocoshabi I'm going to ask Waldi. I hope he makes a new keyword for me
@sh1mmer ) I can relate to the frustration.I ruined my wp blog many times during updates.They warn you a few times.&quot;back the ^$!@ up&quot;
This day is soo stressful! Geee.. Lunch was a blast tho! How are you guys??
Huh, another ScarePoint coding Sunday
Hockey was so fukinï¿½ good  Fuck you hole! xD
Sunglasses whores
@fergmaster Sons of bitches, why couldn't they put them on the releases we already bought
hopping in the shower,  @ricandhislife you can help me tidy my room  its a shit hole, mums fucking friends
@GeminiAngel24 lol, my current mp3 player is a brick. It would be nice to have something slim
@Rove1974 LOL @ the cards. So very, very wrong
@cristinica21 kill her
@n00rtje Thanks  I'll explain on msn or something :p and I HATE SPIDERS TOO! What happened, one attacked you? xD
@sophieamy yer, oh that's gay cause u hell need to post more haha so we can talk
